What if it is a rebound relationship for both of you ?
Good luck in your search for the one .
Why does everyone see them to want someone that they can not have and know that they should not want .
Do you like to argue and fight ?
If you are set on that , that is the way to go .
My ex of three years cheated .
Work at it , but do not let him keep you locked up at home .
Other than those two things , ask him once in a while .
Also , men get bored and tire way before women do .
She is strong and loving and most of all , was n't as happy as she thought she was .
It is one way of saying that I do not like you .
King had a song about this - Only your Mother loves you , and see might be jiving as well .
He loves you too . Time will tell .
He wants me to change how I look .
I know I have someone to come home to .
Did you feel good because I want to have sex , but you have to be careful .
You want all your friends forever ?
It does not mean that you are slUTTY .
Going to a club and dancing .
Do not go anywhere you went with him or her .
They are a lot of fun . There is plenty to do .
It all depends on when you are ready .
Stay 100 miles away from this guy .
Just be prepared because if it happens once it can happen again .
I am looking for a girl who wants that time with me .
Least not until he gets another girlfriend .
Wife says , `` We do n't wear that shit . ''
If you are asking , then you should break up with and open yourself to other options .
Why do gays want to get married ?
You should apologize to him without committing a mistake is humiliation to yourself and do not ever get WEAK .
Do you have to rush your choice ?
They both do not respect your feelings .
Consider howmany cocky girls are out there .
She is too afraid to ask him out .
Get a grip , how can you love someone that you do not even communicate with .
I would ask you out , but I live in Oregon and have no idea where you live .
They have never proformed before and it doubles the pleasure !
I will probably go and see one .
Either way , best of luck , but I am glad that I have brown hair !
Mail me a pick honorarius @ yahoo.com and I will tell you .
It is absolutely just a challenge .
I am a girl , so I will help you out .
Do not tell them , but let them find out once you are in bed with her .
If I would have kept my last name , it is just a freakin name .
I hardly see him in school , so I usually see him at my brother 's basketball games .
He is telling that to some women as well . He is a womanizer.
Divorce is extremely high , there are plenty of fish in the sea .
I know because I am just like your wife .
When she calls , text her back .
No way , I am 5 years old and he is six years old .
Do you know the number one rule ? Trust No one .
We have tried breakin up a couple times , but it never happens .
They are thin and skinny and nowadays anorexic girls are a turn on .
If you have a penis then it is no problem , you just have to penitrate her pussy with your errect penis .
In that case tkake some defense classes .
I just got out of a three year relationship with my baby 's father .
What happened when the politician took Viagra ?
Hello , my name is Xxxxxx Been working for me for years .
I can tell you that women are complicated .
We like soft approach and a little bit of chasing .
You would be genuinely surprised by the type of people that go to them .
It is very fun and enjoyable especially when you meet each other after Texas for a few months .
Hello , I am in NYC . I will help you out if you are around .
It sounds strange , but it worked in about 3-5 days for me .
Do not worry , I am not working with much either .
Why does it matter what they think if they do not get along , do not spend time together .
If he is then you have a good man .
If he likes you , you will know .
I guess it is normal , but I would just move on .
The rest is easy from there .
I like any man that is funny .
Girl only you can decide on this .
Why do you ask this question ?
Do not tell everyone because you think that is right .
The ten year gap is simply nice .
Then , if he still does not like you , then move on .
I see him every week in PSR , but I can not talk to him .
Because they feel insecure with less educated men .
For one thing , if it does not work out there goes your job .
I hope to God it does not pass .
Only the ones that are not worth your time .
The smaller of course , and it is all about looks .
You guys do not have any reason to hate each other .
If you do not , you will always wonder .
Some people choose not to because of their religion , others do not .
Give it a chance because if you break up with them , it would be harder to be friends .
The best of luck to you .
Men who were not ready to be committ .
This is a big day in both of your lives , it should not be done quickly and without thought .
I am 55 years old and still live at home with my mummy , what is wrong with that ?
One man willing to move 21 hours/<unk> miles merely to be with me .
I must not be ugly enough then .
That is ok. I am a GIVER.WINK , WINK .
It depends on the women what she wants .
Remember it takes two times , not one .
If he did not like her and did like you , then he would have already dumped her for you .
Hang around until the bar closes -- or visit a prison .
Please do not miss out on this one .
Because believe it or not , women hate cocky men .
But stick with what is inside of you .
It happened to me twice .
Maybe you are young , I do not know .
Regardless of what he says , Action speaks louder , then words .
There is nothing in the world such as a big boned girl .
Even if he is rich , do not sell yourself .
Just moved to Sacramento , Gay male , 30 .
The people who are around you now , like your friends , should like you no matter what .
They like the little titis , and pussys .
Wait until you get older , and if you both still feel the same way , then go for it .
Yes , I am not one of those people , but I know there are many of them .
No , not if you have to ask .
Do you want to suck another man 's date ?
Because they are girls and they are not as sophisticated as we are !
Does this mean he likes me ?
Do not worry about him and just concentrate on school so you can learn about your boyfriend .
I dated one , and I know .
Look at the way she walks .
No , at least I hope not .
Hello : I am looking forward to visiting your country .
Overtime should I give him another chance ?
The same guy you want to be in a relationship with ?
I went and there he was .
That is what I called it , but why ?
That way you can still go by your last name .
Both of you work hard to get it right .
I have told her that I liked her and she would want to ruin or friendship .
You can join a community site with live chat and webcam chat .
Show her your naked baby photographs .
It is very important to last at least 30-45 minutes !
I am not telling you to be celibate until then .
If he is flirting with her , you should jump him .
I love curly hair . I like to run my fingers through it .
I want my wife to grow too .
That is just the way it is .
One girl Michelle , who probably would not mind being named , spoke up and said she did not believe in it .
I can just toss him to the side and forget about him like last night 's trash .
However , he was a little busy after that .
I do not know what to do because she knows how much I care about him .
If you do eat something like that , then quit .
It could be that you need to anger or the last dream you had .
You know , if he wants to wear my pants all he has to do is ask .
If you were friends before and have stronger feelings , then it should be O .
I want to try again .
Figure out what style of arrangements you would like and flowers .
Lie lies , and then Lie some more .
Wait until you find that out for sure first and then go from there .
If you two are at a dance , he should not care .
Trust him , do not bring it up again .
Honestly , most girls are just waiting for the guy to tell her how he truly feels .
I would love to meet the lady .
I actually ponder this one now and again .
I met this man once , very romantic , I met him in this huge rainstorm .
Okay , now some men like that and some do not .
It comes right after threeplay and before fiveplay .
When I fall in love , I feel ignorant .
If you have to ask , then you are not in love .
If you start to feel the it coming on , then start the four play again .
I do not understand someone , please give me the answer .
I saved a good $ <unk> 600 doing my own flowers and it was not a hassle at all .
I just got a divorce and so did he .
Ask a girl about the <unk> thoms because I am a boy .
Be you show a little toghness that is what girls like at least most of them , but mostly be yourself .
Follow your heart , it is never wrong .
They bother you all day long .
See if he calls , emails , or even cares .
You can do a civilian arrest answ3r3r
A spasm in your back usually .
By now , you might love your wife for everything you guys have endured .
Good luck and I hope everything goes well .
Say `` I love you and if the wait to say it back it tells it all . ''
Try asking her on a date and see what she says .
There is no way to make someone fall in love with you .
Ask her questions ( do not just talk ) .
When you first fall in love , your gitty , goofy , and silly happy just thinking about that person .
Remember there is more than one .
I believe they just look better than a whole lot of nations out there .
We got married all over again .
All in all , I do not think it really matters .
I am sure that not driving five hours just to hang out unless I really like her .
How often can you have sex with Pamela Anderson ?
I told her that I loved her and truly meant it .
Consider what good it brought about .
The thing is that I am a person that does not like to break others ' hearts .
Give a rose and express your love .
I like them because I feel cheated with a in one .
Remember , TILL DEATH DO YOU PART .
The Bcozz we always find a life partner therefore we are attracted to the opposite side .
What are you talking about ?
If you keep talking to him for another week , he might think he is married to you .
Women do not want much , just some acknowldgement and sometimes help .
At least that is what it seems like to me .
Do not be afraid to say no .
Break up with him . There are always more fish in the sea .
To me , it does not matter , but a HAND FULL is QUITE ENOUGH FOR ME .
Choose the one that adores you the most .
You still released at least a thousand !
You go to a bar and get drunk .
Give it some time and thought .
No , you should not leave them . Just teach them what to do to please you better .
`` bembie hit the nail on the head . ''
No , you guys kiss when you are ready .
Just kidding , Jesus is funny , but mean .
If you are asking this , you surely have already distanced yourself from her and yet remaining a friend .
Do not forget to choose and vote for the best answer .
Do not try to figure it out . That is just the way it is .
I do not know , but I know of another website that I go to .
It depends on how much you are starting to have feelings for this boy .
He must be a control freak .
It depends on the girl or the girl is in the guy .
Try to get out to meet people .
Usually it is multiple things not just one thing .
If you really really really like them .
For the guys , do you prefer a bigger woman or a smaller woman ?
If all you do is argue , it is not worth it .
What makes it worse is that I already went out with him for four years .
You just have to be patient and the right girl will come along .
Unless you do not love your husband anymore , and you have room for another man ?
The wife because then you can do more with out comminting a sin .
She definitely wants you to think she is good looking , but she does not want that to be reason number one .
It depends , some days I want to have sex , sometimes I do not .
They are more passionate about love makin .
If you play both at the same time , she will probably f-.
Because he would not work , hit me , used guilt trips , was a big mother 's boy , etc .
Maybe because you are the most beautiful girl they have seen .
It really depends if someone is vain or not .
Someone I can be myself with .
Send me your picture and contact me .
Stay away from this man friend .
The doctor can not even believe it .
Yes , especially when she throws up .
If not , then do not worry about it .
I could give you some pointers .
If you feel your love is <unk> , do not just sit there and do nothing .
I will not stay with someone I do not trust .
I only once told a girl that I loved her , and I meant it .
You married him and it was for a reason .
Rip off your shirt and do a Tarzan Yahoo .
Yes , girl down there , do not have sex .
They accept this in their culture .
Always trail ride with a friend .
You did not provide us with very good information / do you all live in one house .
Move on , so what if he is hot , looks are not everything .
Most important , just be yourself .
Yes , be disappointed and be angry .
I apologize , I never have felt that way .
I will not like any girl who would make my life difficult .
If he gets them first , you get the popcorn .
Practice , ask if you are doing well .
If you are sure , then tell your parents if you have not done already .
Well , I met mine in a carnival .
It sounds like a rhetorical question .
I believe everyone should keep their own name .
However , your first kiss should feel like you 're in hevan .
There is nothing but trouble there .
How to make a woman happy to make a woman happy .
Do not do things that can hurt you .
You will be making more money if you work hard .
Please do not go up to her and tell her how good she looks .
I do not think it is good . You are not there for this purpose .
Go up to her and say , `` Hello , are you single ? ''
I think he would make a great Valentine .
Just be prepared to let her go .
Just sit there and wait until you are a good one .
Just tell them , what are they going to do ?
Get a massage and get away from it .
If you really like this man smile and make nice talk with him .
Take them both out at the same time .
It happened to me and I am now dating that person .
Only two points to make friends one .
You might just be over looking at the type of man who thinks the world of you .
Preferrably someone who does not hate you .
We tried to move on , but it did not work .
When will people in this eFED UP World film ?
I would not bother calling him back .
Try not to hang out with him and find another man .
Look for another attractive girl , so she will be jealous .
So in my opinion , you are not a hoe .
Red= love , black `` death '' ect .
If she likes him then she does not like you , dump her is not his fault that she strays .
For me anything after three days and I might start to forget about you .
Find a girl who has talent , she also must be pretty .
There is no one you can trust more than a good friend .
Start the day off with breakfast out , then perhaps a nice walk .
If she says yes , then go pick them up .
If yes , why did I hear some girl say flowers are not going to last ?
Maybe it is interesting for them .
Could it ever be the same ?
It is not that bad , at least it is not Bella .
Could it be because some men are liars and overweight mouths ?
Or you could tell her and have one of those fairy tale romances .
That has a figure that has it right .
My twin will not talk or listen to me .
I want to get something you can not get rid of go ahead , then .
I am not thinking about him , but I am having dreams about him .
If you are talking ten , then I think it would be fine to get a video game .
Go for it and take the chance .
If he can not then take him to a place where they have slowdances .
I feel this is most beautiful in a family life .
It is your choice , not to hate one , I wish the least .
Never get married without a Prenup .
Get a life and do not waste mine .
She says you are too good for her .
Men come and go , but friends are forever .
It could probably mean a lot of things .
Yes , it is normal because there are many people who still like some they broke up with .
I would like to see what a black female has to say about this .
Men are stupid . Who knows why they do what they do ?
If they give you their phone number , you do not have to wait at all .
Because were masters of the universe .
I am in love and do not care who knows it Buddy the Elf .
Do not try to have both of them at once .
If you really wanted to be with him , you would not be asking .
Remember being friends with someone online is ok but there are limits .
When my sister kisses someone she closes her eyes to get ready .
I would not marry any woman who did not want to change her name , but that is just me .
Umm small party for the family .
Women are perverts , they just hide it and act like it around other girls secretly .
I am only in the fifth grade .
You do what you want .
Do not do that , it will not work .
If they do not , it is time to move on .
He everything I ever wanted with the looks , money , and stuff .
Yes , and it is bad luck to see the bride at the wedding .
No , she is not a liar .
She should be gay if you want to .
He had his nose pierced .
Yes , I can lift him , he is only 185 .
You need a therapist for that .
Perhaps some perverted guys like the really young looking Asian girls .
You should go see a shrink .
Giving you stupid excuses of the wall ! Acting the way he did not before !
Be strong , and hang in there .
No , he is too darned big and I am too darned weak !
If she is so intoxicated that she becomes a slob / or slut then yes it is unattractive .
The exchange letters , emails , chat online , talk over the phone , and send packages . Just keep in touch .
Especially if you do not feel like it .
He dribbles , he shoots , he scores , two points .
Giving it up just for him to stick around is like selling your soul to the devil .
I can not give you a wife 's view , but hopefully mine is just as good .
Additionally , it takes the pressure off of me to ask someone .
It depends on the woman , it is better to shaved=.
Ask in English terms , can not understand you .
I am a man , but I will tell you a little .
I like him a lot and I want to win him over and not push him away .
I really like this guy and I do not know if he likes me back .
By the way , your avatar looks familiar .
It has been over six months and I can not seem to get over it .
Maybe he thinks he will be turned down.just ask . I would .
You have to think about that and that should help you out on seeing if you can trust him .
A picture the shape of a heart with you and her when you both first dated . That is special .
I am in college and he is my only source of income until I get out .
Listen , it is not that easy . I have with my ex-boyfriend in second grade and again in 4th .
I have been with this girl for eight months and we have not kissed is this bad ?
Some men do not like breasts .
Is that she just wants to see other people ?
He has seen me every day for about four or five years .
There was his stop , so he got off the train .
The worst , the worst is that she says nothing , take a chance and good luck .
However , I know exactly what I want in a relationship .
I would flirt and send flowers and candies to my self and then he would ask you out sometime .
I also hate seeing my father unhappy .
I feel bad because I know that I snore sometimes . Most people do , right ?
I enjoy it and need to know if I am in love .
If you truly love each other , then you can work out all the fighting .
Because neither of you have the guts to call it quits .
However , that does not mean that big girls can not be cute .
He is getting married this month .
Those guys are jerks and you do not want them anwyay .
Say , `` Will you go out with me ! ''
And get married only after you have been with a man for more than two years .
Man has a penis and a woman has a clitoris .
You should see the bad thing and move on .
It would be easier to do if I were angry .
If she will tell the <unk> I will be expelled Costa <unk> its Pakistan , not America .
You should get to know her and sooner or later you will ask her out or she will .
As I said , he already knows that you like him , so just take a deep breath and ask him .
Maybe you and I can get together sometime and we will find love with one another .
I would be , but I am just married .
Please play the field a bit now .
As everyone said , do not get married so early .
Just want to know have you been to the doctor .
Pay Attention what the other person says .
Just talk to your spouse about this .
If you are into sixth graders , you are obviously young .
I was thinking about a medium pink color , but with what ?
Ask if they want to go somewhere with you .
-a trip to an amusement park similar to a roller coaster or even theatrical museum .
Do men prefer larger women ?
The problem is I really like him .
I would say , they do work out , just not a lot of the time . I hope this helps .
Should I end the relationship because of his mother ?
I did this before , and my friend was mad that I deleted him .
I do not think I mind either way .
However , that is her way , you could try it that way or you could keep your eyes open .
There are some that do , but you should be able to tel .
Are you talking about your avatar ?
I do not remember giving a girl a gift unless I liked her .
I do not know what to do .
Try to be yourself and do not show off .
Do not step by step by step by step , thinking of how he lost a good thing .
If only men knew what women wanted the world would be a much happier place .
To compliments , honesty and make it about her .
I think he will crash him .
It means that she is really interested in the guy .
I am thinking that you would get slapped mid-reach , or kicked in the groin .
Only now she and I are both divorced .
If he or she would like to see you picture rightaway it sex .
It is better than her to give you a fake phone number to call .
Tell her to move to MASS .
If you feel this strongly about it , then maybe you should not get married .
The pictures I have seen , I would say <unk> i or the Bahamas .
The man I like is mad at me .
You are 13 , do not worry about it .
That way you do not have to worry about you calling him too much .
I am a man and let me tell you , we love to chase .
Thank you for the pep in advance .
We always seem to push the ones that we love away .
They think that they can control other people 's lives when they can not .
That is weird , but maybe I will talk to my friend in his locker .
I do not know . How would you like something crammed up your butt ?
If a man cares , he calls .
What special gift can I give my would be brother in law for his birthday ?
He probably does not want to either .
Please hold her hands , look into her eyes and say it , but only say it if you really love her .
Some men do , and some men do not .
I really want to know , so please help me out .
The timing is not right for it with the old guy . You will see .
Generally kind and my fifth `` I 'll just be disappointed if she 's stupid . ''
It is one of the gifts we can always give ourselves .
I do not believe trust has to be earned , because how is that even possible .
If that is you deff need to stop that is fine .
Do not let her rush your life , she will just have to learn to deal with it .
I have a Yahoo email and that works for me .
I would not worry too much about it .
Yes , the trick promiscuous hoe 's never had a chance .
When you can fart in front of the one you are dating .
It depends on how old they are .
And any man who said he would not be honest with himself .
If you flirt with him , the challenge is not there .
If you need your x emotionally , then you get some trouble .
Twenty to 32 , she does not have to be younger than you .
My be she does not love you , but try to use your brean not your hair .
If you want your girlfriend forever , then do not let her know that you want her forever .
There are many cheap ideas out there , just find what you like and work with it .
If you are worried about doing it - performance wise , do not .
Find a new girl and if that does not work , then move back .
Most often , that will be guys around your age , give ot take .
If you act like that at all times , she might think you are desperate .
Not everyone here is in school .
Tell him what you really want . That is what they tell me , but never got to do , speak up .
Should I make the first move or should I wait for him to make the first move ?
What a typical double standard you have set up !
After a while you do not even see the color .
I have not tried it yet , but I am still trying to get up the nerve .
If you two are serious then asking her that question should not bother her .
Ask her out what is going on with that .
How about , would you like to go out with me sometime ?
Please look me up if you are ever in Florida .
Those were good times I told you .
It is all about her , and no it should not be something that happened on a first date .
Do you really want to spend the rest of your life with someone you argue with all the time .
If he comes to his senses , then great if not SCREW him .
You are too good for them .
Do you break up with him because she likes him ?
Depending on the age , CDs or DVDs .
Twenty years down the road that you can be so START from the BEGINNING .
I would like to visit the United States , which are the most important things .
Anyone with any ideas , tips or general information , email me back .
You sound like a very lovely person , so do not let some of these women drag you down .
You do not look , just go out and enjoy yourself and have fun and a girlfriend will come along .
Do not pursue it , he is getting married .
Such clear liquid and turns yellow when dry ?
If in your country , there is a short messaging system in your cellphone then find a textmate .
When she starts closing her eyes , kisses her in the lips and then it is up to you .
Please be honest with me , I can handle the truth .
Have fun , and remember to never get so comfortable that you always know what is going to happen next .
It shows how much they care about you .
Tell her that you miss her and that you love her .
coffee , lunch , site seeing , walk/talk/play in the park , museum , movie matinee .
What you want is a HOOKER , you can find that in any city of the world .
Now we do all these things together and I do not know what to do .
If it does not work , you should be up .
It has been the best thing for me .
Try using some of these , but only if they actually apply !
The problem is that he cheated on me and it was the worst that he could have done .
If you are happy , she should be happy , unless he is being bad to you .
We like it when men do things for us and think about us .
Maybe if you give him space he will eventually call you back .
Tell him you do not want a real relationship .
If you look creepy and you are looking , they will all think you are leering .
I do not know about love , but he likes you for sure .
If a man really respects you , then he will understand .
Ask yourself and decide if you can afford it , do you want to .
Because he is a superhero that is the closest to being just a regular guy .
Sometimes the difficulties are worth it if the the good outweighs the bad .
I do not think it is wise to date at work .
Stupid , you need a theme for that .
Let it take its course from there .
What do they think about homosexual marriage relationships ?
I had to ask him if he was blowin me off .
Men will think you are attractive no matter what with this usually .
However , I do not think that by not having sex with him , he will become unfaithful or leave you .
The safest rules of internet dating are these : 1. chat via email and Messenger 2. chat on the phone .
Marriage is really about trusting and communicating .
I had this problem as well .
Depending on what you kissed .
It depends on if you could trust him before !
Make sure you do not make her hate you just get your point across as well .
Who have you been meeting these <unk> as ?
Imgaine if it was JUST considered love ?
That way , you are not exactly telling them what you specifically do n't like about them .
If he is , then go for it .
See if she is open for dinner and a movie .
I apologize , I do not know and I wish you the best of luck to both of you .
However , I find him looking at me every now and then .
This is sin , our selves have started this .
Fun includes eating meals ( not breakfast if you know what I mean ) .
Make a good movie . If not , then you know what to do .
Let him make the first move if you do it may make you look like your ubsesd with him .
You people have no right to get married .
My tragic love story was that I loved him very much and he loved me too .
You seem desperate and you will never find a if you are desperate .
However , he swears that we are just friends .
It does not matter unless you are trying to prove something .
Once you have sex with him , he is no longer a good friend .
The fact that a man is self centered is a huge turn off for me .
Do not rush it , it feels great .
It is a two way traffic until you get them you will know which one it is .
You have one baby out of wedlock .
I know I am overtly picky about people how can I stop it !
It hurts . Maybe some girls might say that 's it ?
I am going to jump that boy is the right choice .
It was a good idea .
If she gets drunk , then it is not a turn off .
Some women send men tiny messages without saying it clearly .
I would prefer it if they left me alone . Sorry , I got off of it .
Ask her to go do something she is interested in or to see a movie she would like .
You are a man , Term used lightly .
Haha , Too bad it is not automatic like MSN or AOL .
That is how they will react to it so it is bad for you and him .
Go back to that person at once before it becomes too late for you .
I want to smack that smile off her face .
Ask him if he wants to dance with you .
Then she might say that looks ugly . I think ( a color ) looks better .
Ask him to go see a physician .
I never went out with him a second time .
First of all , why did you two break up ?
Why wait ? Go ahead and do it .
As long as he does not mind , who elses opinion matters ?
I think I am still in love with him .
I never wanted to have sex again .
The main thing is to not try to get back at the one who wronged you .
If you have to ask other people , I do not think you are ready to .
I am a gilr . I say those things .
A big savings area is flowers .
The time will tell give it six months and see what happens .
Either that or you are the only one he has a chance at getting some breasts from .
Well , from your list , I would have to choose Spiderman .
I was cheated on for three of the years .
All seniors think freshman girls are easy , it is sad , but true .
If he says yes , then you can tell him .
Also , impress her with affection and love .
If you have , what was it like ?
Celebrate Valentine with joy and fun . Give each other gifts and have fun .
Any women beside the ugly guys will look attractive .
When I moved in , my neighbor asked me out .
You should probably make a move because he is obviously shy .
It is on a much harsher scale as time goes on .
Be yourself , say what is up and you might get a response .
There are many times that you love the guy , but not sure did he love you also .
If you are talking husband or the like I 'd say tools toys for his vehicle , sports related things .
That got me really hot , but I ran off .
Me , I will pick up the tab if I can get your vote for the best answer .
What size of breast does the average man like do you think ?
Many women 22 are dating men 27 , so the 22 year men feel insecure and have to fish <unk> .
Lust less like . You just go out ?
They probably know you can not really hide that , but you should tell your parents .
I will make you princess in planet Kri<unk> !
My last girlfriend 's boyfriend did that to her , before we met , and she still kept him .
My friend has a boyfriend who she talks to online and on the phone .
Do you like fake nails or manicured ones ?
Tell her , girls like to her the truth , good luck .
We can restaurants around and be the best of friends .
Stay true to your husband , after all , he is the one you said I do to .
Do not listen to these fools with their B.S .
Yes , I am a man , so I do not have to pay .
Remember , `` No BIRD EVER FLEW ON ONE WING ! ''
Just let her know what you feel .
It depends , if you really love him you will prob think you will want to age it .
If you or the other person is married , RUN .
No men do not , but little boys do .
Help me win this debate with her .
My girlfriend is the nuttiest , but I love her anyway .
Simple enough , do like anyone else does . Play with it .
Sweetheart let him go , if he is meant to be with you , he will come back to you .
Of course after three days of that my back went out .
Please stay alive and get your old life back .
That is why I ask why you do not know what they want with any kind of relationship .
Maybe ask him out to lunch or a movie .
Women do not like men who are all about themselves .
It depends do you like either one ?
I was always looking , and I kept picking jerks .
No , I feel it is a choice and one does what feels comfortable to them .
Some do , some do not have it in them .
Just do what makes you happy .
Because for some reason I can not .
It would have to be love .
You know , try to search for your love , but be careful .
Do not ask her to perform some act for you , make her the spotlight .
Women are simply impressed if you can show a little care , respect and honesty to them .
Inform the bastard to get out .
They think it is the only right way .
Good luck , and keep it cool .
That said you need to figure out yourself if you want to stay married to him .
I hate him for it .
Men like this , typically become wife beaters if you do not OBEY them .
First of all , I have four children , so a homemaker is more work than my job even .
No , I prefer normal guys .
It definitely looks like he has feelings for you . Do you show how you feel ; you should !
Everything seems so open , and run with most people these days .
I have a problem with unloading all of my junk up front and perhaps I told this man too much .
The right date can save money on lots of things .
If you truly love your man and want to work it out then tell your X to respect that .
That only makes her easier to bed .
Do not think you should try it .
Simple , honesty and love and try to be true with them .
I hope for at least a 90 % but realistically I believe it is more like 70 % or 65 % .
However , cuddling up with a large woman is one of the best feelings I know of .
Women also expect men to act like that , so why should they grow up ?
A couple of ways : `` Get him drunk . ''
The problem is not if you ask her while at work or not .
Stick with the 13 and 14 year old boys . They are easier to control anyway..
You need to let a man know you .
PS I am not a stay at home romantic dinner type of girl .
When I left him , I wore I would never get married again .
pickup lines are tacky..just be yourself and complament her a lot . Women like that .
You will be fine just have fun .
Not all the time , sometimes men shave them , it depends on the woman .
I love him , but I think I am ready to move and meet new men .
So , wait for another four years .
I hope I see some of it soon .
I do not want to be mean .
You should also wait a while to have children .
I would like to have some fun with you , that is why I answered this stupid question .
You should try to contact their q and a team.they will help you through a nice day .
Because women do not put out often .
If he insists , it means he only after sex .
B ) Looks definitely matter . Anyone saying they do not is probably lying .
Whle MAKING LOVE is similar to living a fantasy .
When you are 18 or 20 because when they say something they do not mean it .
When possible , try to make it yourself .
However , there is always a couple , but is n't there ?
If she is not into you anymore .
I seriously doubt that you are in love with that many men .
On average , I would say about 45 % at first , but then you get to know the person maybe 15 % .
Play sports with your male friends .
She will tell you if it is not OK .
Do you think women are sexy and beautiful ?
How do I get him to stop nagging me and leave me alone ?
A sex toy , that way you can both enjoy it .
Men without hair look like little boys to me , and it is not sexy .
I agree , just kiss him . He will respond one way or another .
A good way is to imagine yourself without him or her .
Here in America , it is not so important .
If it was before you then he was not cheating at all .
How many times have I passed up a great opportunity by worrying about someone saying no .
The white women are taking up all the men .
You are self image is also very important .
Have you ever had a Pap smear ?
Good God , how old are you ?
I believe they both like me .
It sounds as if you guys are already married .
Yes , Jaime is going to ask rubi out , but it is not your business .
That is a sign , things like that can make it really obvious .
You should take the time to get to know both of them equally without going out with them .
I 'd love to hear logical opinions on this , thank you .
If you like him , then go for it .
Having fun with his friends is alright .
It is natural with that man .
Women take on a lot and sometimes they feel as if they do it for nothing .
No , because I am not married yet .
Let me know what you think , thank you .
If you are gay , be gay .
Good luck and spend time there .
I like older girls so I think this is sick and wrong that they can not go out with her .
I am curious about what everyone thinks .
My last boyfriend I met driving round about another car .
If you do , then you will lose your friend over a man .
It really was a casual aside when I said it -- I did n't think he would remember .
Are you a country girl or a city girl ?
Spend all day together and to top it off touch his feet .
I am very bored , sitting back watching other women .
Women are curious about sex with other women , even me .
I do not know what you said because I was too lazy to read your typing .
I dislike it myself , I love the straight ones .
This is Doc Izzy and I love and adore bigger women .
There are not any words that are going to make it any better .
Do it before it is too late .
To tell you the truth you learn , but you have to actually do it .
Nay pier is a great place or one of the museums . There are a lot of great restaurants in hotels .
That is a stereotype ( not a country girl by the way ) and I think I am sexy in my own way .
He will not turn you down .
I hope you read this well .
Many men like thick girls , most of them are black .
If she is interested , she will call later .
No , you will not because you know he has cheating tendancies .
Ask yourself that , if you know what I mean .
I find if I try real hard I can see things I know are not there normally there .
Let 's get coffee and chat . Take it from there .
Just move on with your life and find someone else .
I will have your not , but try to email me at least .
This boy has been going off and on since last year .
I really care about you and I can not stop thinking about you .
It is worth the wait when you are ready .
If you do not know , ask someone who would .
Keep away your fear and tell him .
That is a chance that you will have to take .
If you want to be attractive to losers and creeps .
Not for anything , but you are looking at .
After I finished , I still love him .
It is your own life , as you said .
Now I have been in divorce and I am stuck with it .
Just because he has the potential to be a great boyfriend does not mean he is .
Sure , let me know more about you .
When one minute you want to throttle the other person , and the next you want to jump their bones .
The girl that is pretty or has a great personality .
Ppl whose parents well take care of them , big time lazy people .
I do not know what she wants .
It is very complicated , tell it again , but in simple .
Show her what you are good at .
If you can imagine him as the father of your children .
If you do not ask someone else might .
That is why I am single .
If you really love him , you would let him go .
If she does not want to be with you , try to be her friend .
If he says he does not believe him .
Let 's get it out of limbo .
I worked there for a while and met the man of my dreams .
I have been with my husband for four years , we have married in depression .
Focus on how things are and what would be best for you right now .
You will see that no matter how hurt you are , it is still the simplest reason why you smile .
Wow , I did not think Pakistan is that conservative .
I have to stop right away because I am ready to relieve myself .
Whatever you do , do not tell him too soon .
We can not answer if she really means it .
I do not like a man at all times .
Then you can make an easier decision .
I have seen many girls and some where prostitutes .
He dribbles , he shoots , he scores , two points .
Talk to your best friend and see if it is cool .
Is this a trick question ?
I do not know , can I do anything about it ?
People are HUSBANDS and WIVES for relationships .
If he does not , then there are too many fish in the sea .
Do you want to say that ?
If you are not happy fix it or get out .
Not all men , but some men do .
I totally agree with Udaman . Good luck girl .
It sounds like you like to see yourself too much .
Your girlfriend will just think you are a jerk .
Sometimes but you have to observe the one you call your man .
Replaying everything you did to me ?
Do not just sit around waiting for the phone to ring .
I dated a guy this past year and he got to the a violent point .
Leave it alone , I do not care what she says , `` She is in enough pain . ''
How would anyone know if they do not know anything about you ?
Find one that loves you as well .
It never hurts to be flirty .
We were hangin out a little .
Do not use pick up lines , that is a turn off .
I love them because I am a man and I do not have to ask anyone to dance .
There are more men out there that love thick girls than you think ?
The girls that whine that flowers do n't last are just ungrateful .
You need to be with that person , you have found your true love .
Really be her friend .
How do I get my sweetheart to show me he loves me ?
Well , you have to stop talking to him and stop thinking about him .
They never met , but she says they are in love .
Do not do this over the phone , email , etc .
I am not against Gayz and Leo 's are the best friends a person can have .
I met a girl and I want to know if she is into me or not .
Death is similar to a box full of candy corn .
Just try and make the best of what is to come .
Either you move on with your life , or you try to make it work with this person .
She is the love of my life and I can not wait to spend the rest of my life with her .
Women think with their brains .
I am still in love with my ex and I am so angry at my cousin because my ex likes her .
Only time will tell spend time with friends have fun , do not think about it .
That is why I do not get in chat rooms anymore , unless it is to laugh at all the freaks .
This is what I did , it was a bad mistake on my part .
I have no idea where to begin .
But he cheated , so I suppose I can lift or carry my husband .
If she is calling just to bablle , then tell her to not call you so often .
That is all I have to say .
You should not be asking this question .
I was also thinking about lime green .
I mean both of you together .
I have a close girlfriend .
Wanting to be something they are not ?
If you can imagine yourself with him in bed at night .
They like the challenge I know that is what I love about it .
It depends on the girl I guess , fair skinned females look extra pale when they have black hair .
I should do that when I am dating next time .
Do not listen to what anyone else tells you to do .
I really like this guy , and I do not know if it is just a crush or if I love him .
I think the Bomb is much easier .
Not always the easiest , but they have been pretty good years .
Do not forget to choose and vote for the best answer .
You tell her why you like her .
Did turn gay or is it a curiosity thing ?
No , not if you have to ask .
The list could go on and on .
But he might enjoy all the waiting , dreaming and teasing .
Do not eat where you take a s*** .
Of course you do want to talk to me at Fla_cat_blue @ yahoo.com .
When he teases you about the stupid little things .
If you think he feels the same way about you , why not ?
Well , in my experience , a lot of the time one of them ends up cheating on the other .
They are often worse than men .
I have heard of friends getting married about six months after meeting someone .
I do not know what you mean .
If you want children , then homemaker .
What is the worst that could happen ?
Intellect - a woman with brains is simply sexy !
His or her intelligence , the way they carry themselves , good looks and activeness .
Sure , and will you pay mine as well ?
Yes , I can say , but I have long black hair and am proud .
I was not going to let her win .
Chances are , if you like her as a friend , you will like her as much .
Just be yourself when you are with her .
Men think that they are special , and that they are only good enough for certain girls .
Find someone you like and say will you be my Valentine .
Post more questions on Yahoo Answers !
Well , if the one boy picks on you , why like him ?
Brokeback Mountain , okay , it is a man , but at least you will be happy .
The size , shape , looks , ect should not matter at all .
Sex is not the only thing important in life .
You are probably too good for him .
Do you like him or do you not like him ?
Why do n't you ask her if you can kiss her ?
Who is to say that country girls feel more sexy ?
Well , I do not know how old you are , which would help .
Consider what you like and do it back for them .
Here is my answer : `` A '' MOST guys definitely do not prefer girls that are skin and bone .
You should put your computer into an attorney on your friend .
Does his friends point to you when you are with him ?
Yes , it is very POSSIBLE TO ENJOY GIVING PLEASURE RATHER .
Now I keep thinking of getting it on with a girl .
It depends on whether they are brunette or not .
Is she trying to use you ?
You can have a large penis in bed .
Get rid of the x if you are dating the man you love right now .
It hurt similar to hell and I bled .
The cuddling , kissing , fondling , playing with each other sex organs before sex .
When he does explain to him that it was a mistake to break up and want him back .
My boyfriend loves me to death and does not want to give me up .
You are already doing it , so why bother ?
On the hood of my car at a <unk> in a light rain , it was awesome !
I think you are probably a nice man and she probably loves you a lot .
You are looking too hard , or maybe you are looking in the wrong places , sign up for Yahoo personals .
Only if you want it to be .
If she does not have a reason , then she is not your friend .
You have to find what is right for you and your partner/s .
You are definitely not a hoe , do not worry .
Women do not think it is cool , they think it is because they are kILLING THEM .
Are you interested in Asian food ?
They do not mean to get them pregnant , they can not keep it in their pants because they are pIGS .
I like natural / real girls . I do not like fake looking prissy drama queens .
Take on how the world works , and their desire to catch up .
That is too many , and selfish , indeed . You just desperate and keep on trying another one right ?
It is like if you decide to eat chocolate and then moan because you look too fat .
Do you know he loves you ?
My wife forgives me for a lot of things .
First you ORDER ONE ONLINE and the stores one to you .
I would say around three or four .
Imagine that I am that man and be my girlfriend .
Give them a chance to discover you .
It is unusual , but nothing bad .
I still love him what to do .
Do not stay with him for the baby .
Never ignore her , always listen to her . When you do not change the subject , women hate that .
It can be good luck also if you take it as good luck .
It is a man who lives with it .
It sounds like you are going through a lot right now .
Good luck , but do your home .
Do not come here , it smells like a trap to me .
Everywhere , just ask any girl passing by , but ONLY IN THAILAND . Not in US .
This girl does not want a bad boy at all .
I need to be happy .
You are very full of it , teasing all these desperate lonely sad men , shame on you .
Sometimes men think they do not need you so badly until you are gone .
Only that I can say `` good luck ! ''
You married your husband , hopefully because you love him .
I love to express my feelings to the lady with POEMS .
Why tie yourself to simply one man ?
That is if you both agreed on doing this .
It is like saying , `` What 's got to stop me when I have already done it ? ''
He has to start over and earn your trust again .
On the side of his family I met his father .
We fall in love , they treat us badly why are we there .
I am one of those who want to wait until they are totally in love with someone .
Try the nice way first , girls hate being ignored .
Keep secrets only hurt the ones you love .
Some women like big hairy men , some men like fat women , some women like skinny men , and perhaps reversed .
The curves , especially if they have large breasts , and softness , ca n't beata soft woman .
Never tell her she is overweight .
You are a MOM , Act like One .
Some people think DUE TO SOCIETY DICTATES . I SAY SCREW SOCIETY AND GIVE ME THICK .
Give them two months they will get over you .
I do not know , but Daniel K has never read manga .
I suppose it is kind of nice , it is like your father 's blessing all the way .
I like intelligent , fun and attractive girls .
Come to my town . I will be your girl .
This generation is just too stupid .
Yes , time to cash in your chips .
They are always in the `` in love '' stage .
I see a malaysia air ad on television and I go gaga .
It was really nice how he asked me out .
Try talking to her and ask her to find out as friends .
This is difficult because there are a lot of temptations out there .
Not what you can become just because she says too .
The two of you should talk privately and personally . You have to clear each other 's side.do it now .
The one I enjoyed goes like this .
Do not try to have sex .
Just keep it cool . A little hard to get might help .
If your relationship survives the four seasons , I guess you should be ready .
I married my boyfriend , and do you know why ?
Move on and find someone who does not hate you .
You can not , so let 's start asumming it .
Yes , we like flowers , pretty , good smelling ones .
Should I or should not , younger man versus older woman ?
Okay , those other replies are just cocky , I am way more fine .
Lime Green would be more for a summer wedding .
However , if they can not exercise self-control , let them marry .
My boyfriend snores and I have the most terrible time sleeping .
Maybe you do n't think so , but yes .
We have not broken up for school such as this in our SOCIETY .
The best way and easiest way is to fly or drive to Las Vegas and get married there .
His answer is good enough for me .
No single man can give you what you really want .
If he does not start acting right , then leave him .
If you are hot too show him your boobies .
A lot of guys like that . Just looking for sex .
I mess up a lot at times , but she does not forget .
You should wait for him to ask you out unless you are real .
You are asking , `` Do you like me ? ''
Whatever you decide , make it completely yourself .
Her parents . You can not fix it . Perhaps you can talk to them nicely , but please specify why ?
How intoxicated is this girl getting ?
Women love men with positive self image .
Am I doing this just for the points ?
If you do not know anything about each other , you can not connect .
If you do , then I would say it was a real and worthwhile relationship . Good luck .
If you are used to it , you should go with it .
Because it is buy one take one .
And not least , but does he always happen to be staring ?
It sounds like a con , but I am telling you , chicks dig it .
You just have met the dumb ones out there that think skinny is better .
However , I always believed in the fact that there 's a huge difference between HAVING sex and MAKING LOVE .
You have to make yourself walk away .
In my case , I think 80 % .
leaning in and giving me a soft kiss , just on the forehead .
I can not see my life without my husband .
I do , much prettier and smooth as silk .
`` Although , flowers are really nice even if they do n't last .
It sounds like he is having too much fun while you are away .
Why do you not leave the girl alone ?
Perhaps you should try dating girls if men offend you so .
I also have not a single girl friend .
Just remember , is go for men who are themselves and only themselves .
They feel that they are better than women , but they are wrong .
That does not mean you should let them in .
It is always in the back of my mind .
Does she have other friends to ab with on the phone ?
Getting married and getting a child can wait , but studies can not .
But you need to do this a few times .
Most teenagers prefer girls that like sex .
Do not look back and enjoy the friends you have .
No good or bad is your personal opinion on something .
I do not know what I should do .
Yes , it is a sick habit .
Wait until you get 25. You would not lose your charm by then .
My bff hates my boyfriend and wishes for me to break up with him but I will not .
ReLAX , and be real , that is what we like .
I do not think so , maybe they should try taking our last names .
You both should pick either his or yours once you have children .
He wants to go on .
I suppose I pick a domestic goddess .
Ask her out after class again .
Also , people 's lives are too short to live it to the fullest and have faith .
I am a man and I feel so , because I am .
If you like him that much , call him .
Start with a basic everyday question and go from there .
Tell more people , my bor did .
All of my friends want to do is makeout .
It is also actual kissing and asking if you are a good kisser .
We will not regret it at your service anytime .
You need to reput it in adding it back just like the first time .
You can share this with your mom or dad .
And do n't fall for the alcoholic only on weekends line that the man above is giving .
You sorta stuck yourself out to get hurt , unless you know him fairly well .
I prefer & B cups , myself .
Be her friend first , then see where it goes .
Do not even listen to what people say , `` watch how they act . ''
Do you feel that way ?
If a man asks you , do not be afraid to say no .
Obviously , she does not want you if you know she likes the other boy .
There are many things that make a woman not like sex .
Not all men get bored and move on .
There is no better person to marry someday than your best friend .
Depending on what you are looking for , friendship only , like .
I did this with my current boyfriend .
But it does not mean you can not love another .
Just divorce him , he has no honour and he does not love you .
Men just want to have a girlfriend for free sex .
If nothing works , you have to ask him for it again .
It is your personal personality , keep to it , whether a man goes out with you should not determine how you act .
You have to search for this one .
If the guy is worthy enough , you will not need to .
I am confused . I hate the girl to be like that . What shall I do ?
You should shop around for invitations and everything else .
He then asked me , `` Can I come with you ? ''
Just go with your feelings if you like her so much then go with it .
I am only myself around guys that I do not like , and you know the outcome .
I hope you find a nice girl .
I have liked this girl since I was in ninth grade .
To all my fellow girls at <unk> , a big Hello and hug !
If you like him then there is a reason .
If going to a movie is special for the two of you , then do that .
It sounds like you are wearing pants .
Have you told her that it is kind of irritating with her having to check up on you everyday ?
For the same reason thin girls prefer slender tonned men .
He handed me his cellphone and had me put in my phone number .
Go to HAWAII .
I do not understand why people think it is wrong .
Keep searching for a believer in romance , she is out there .
If you plan on cheating on your wife , you are a freaking pig and need to be shot .
Look , he already knows that you like him , and has he said anything bad about it ?
Confront him and ask him that way you will know .
It is more of a trust issue I would say .
Never stop trying to impress her .
No , you are punished , and no television for a month .
I think this is better than the one on top of me .
However , that did not bother me because I said we were just friends .
Go to school you can still come home or call your family and friends .
You should go with the one that picks on you because nine times out ten he likes you .
I always felt the same way , but my true love and my VIEWS CHANGED !
Take baths ? know how to speak ?
I like him and he says things like , `` If I were n't dating , I would go out with you ? ''
Just get rid of him , you will be better off .
The one time in your life to really live out the true fantasy of love .
People asked me , `` What 's the hurry ? ''
Has he just ended the relationship and left before ?
Needless to say , I am 36 now and STILL in therapy around it .
And for God sakes DO NOT be one of those controlling baby mama 's .
Did you ever think of that ?
It has been half a year , is it normal to still like him ?
Look for a man that is attractive .
It is really sweet and just what you are looking for .
Is there a reason that you are not with the baby 's father ?
No , no . It 's pretty funny . You are very funny . You are very funny .
Anything bigger than a handful is a waste , probably a size c or d .
I think that they do .
Stop trying to slap it in everyone 's face .
You should probably be looking in a public place where you are most comfortable .
A man asks me , `` Do you mind if we cuddle ? ''
Or ask about the score of the last game ?
Some couples never get to that comfortable boring stage .
I always say that you should not do things if you will regret them later .
Even the day after would be okay .
All you are missing is a million dollar smile.
I hear you fountain the same thing that happened to me .
I do not really like girls all that much .
Be really nice and give eye contact and smile a lot . Hope this helps !
I wonder why he shaved them , but in the end , they are his legs .
Best of luck to you both .
This is just what I have nurt many times .
I 'll go with anything natural than fake , I even dislike the word fake .
No ten years younger , who wants an older woman ?
Ask your best friend if it would be okay .
Many people will tell you no .
Downtown Houston is just about any weekend . Lots of clubs .
Who said women do not feel anything ?
Do not start with her looks .
If they have moved on , then you should too .
Flirt and see how he reponds .
I am waiting until I am married , but when is it too far ?
There is nothing wrong with her takin your number .
And you do not have to be an overly happy hy<unk> active person .
I do not want to just randomly go up and be like go out with me .
Then comes the fun part , he makes it up to you .
You give at least 5 minutes for kissing and huging and may be some licking also .
I can not help any more unless I have more infor .
Because I say no on avatars .
Some girls prefer gifts that will not die on them . Something that lasts .
He is probably wondering if you are interested in him at all .
I feel goofy . dorky , and happy .
If you are a hoe then he is one to . I personally do not think you are one .
There are some men that only say the L word if they mean it .
I do not need a trophy girl I want a companion .
As a man , let me say this .
Be self-esteem and always believe in yourself , do not be hard to believe .
Then he said , `` Do you want some of my chapstick ? ''
There is not a wrong or right way to kiss anyone .
Because we love them it is not until later when we think about it that what we have done .
I would not know . I have the same issue .
What was the mistake that you made .
It 's like breaking a drug habit .
Tell him , and it would not seem psycho because you have known each other for a long time .
Yes , for the first answer , that girl answered for me .
What about blue and green ?
A life of your own life , you have been missing out on .
Confusing , yeah , I think you are correct .
You do not have to ask her out on a date with her .
Maybe he is going to call you .
You should tell her , but be as polite as possible .
In a park when I was 16 , I lost my virgenate .
What man does not like big breasts ?
You should be proud of yourself .
Yes , men work and fix things , but what else can you do ?
We do not know what you look like .
If you had four QUALITIES in your WOMAN , what would they be ?
Look on the internet , you will find many things for the wedding or your local newspaper or news .
If she sits on your best friend 's lap because she is drunk , then yes , it is a turn off .
See my boyfriend ( go to my 360 ) .
You will find a man who deserves you one day .
You and that sexy perfume you wear .
If he is not , then you are not ready .
Why do they want it state <unk> ?
She still lets me play with my trucks and watch cartoons .
Move on , but you can still love him .
See if he is willing to go out the way for you .
If anyone knows , let me know .
I never knew life could be very good .
He said that he would call me back .
Choose the one you like the most .
Please take it off pop up block .
If you truly love him , you will tell him .
Who knows , but I would love that 2 be done to me .
What should I do to get her ?
You have to suck it up and introduce yourself .
There are movies that I have not seen yet .
It depends on age and upbringing .
That will be s*x .
My boyfriend was definitely my friend first and it is total bliss .
Who cares what anyone else thinks ?
You can also try getting some blonde highlights .
Just let it all out . I use art a lot to vent problems that I have .
If she likes music , make a special CD or tape .
It could be `` Choose one & why ? ''
Do not worry about what people will say .
I think many girls like getting flowers .
I can not explain it , and no , it has nothing to do with them looking young , vulnerable or submissive .
Let him go , either that or date his brother .
Yes , there are you just have to look .
You can get them to stay in trouble .
Your Kid is going to have a hard time growing up without a DAD .
My friend says I am too nice and I should tell them no .
My girlfriend always says she loves me when they pass notes during class , but she does not say it confrontationally .
That 's right , the right relationship happened on its own .
You will look like an idiot .
No , and you should not care . If you like him , then stay with him .
I think you should be yourself , have self esteem , self confidence .
Anything that is not nailed down .
Make it your top priority to see her if you really want to be with her that bad .
One of my best friends had a thing with my large sister a few months ago .
Should I forget it , and move on ?
There are friends on the other hand , that is a different story .
Yes , I do believe anyone does .
My cousin met up with some strange old perv saying he was a hot teen that she met online .
None come in my list , so I chose my neighbor 's wife .
I have long black hair and I love it , my husband loves it as well .
You care about your family and everybody in your family will love you .
Ugly , or fat , men just take what they can get .
In the middle of the river while there were people watching it was very uny .
It is all in eye contact .
It depends on the guy , some men do not .
It kind of gives us an idea that you may not have strong guts .
If you love him and he really loves you , he may want to disappoint his father .
Yes , some men get right down to it with absolutely no thought for the woman .
Perhaps she is not a beeeatch and the skinny chick was .
It does sound a little feminine .
If you would like to enjoy a bit , why do n't you check out some restaurants , night clubs , gyms etc .
There are lots of good women left you just have to look in the right place .
Everyone has to separate some day or the other .
You win some you lose some take it with a grain of salt and be more careful next time .
Happy birthday to you .
I need someone to help me .
Choose the one with better treatment towards you .
I am into a sixth grade boy as well .
If you end it , he might not be your friend . That is why I do not go with friends .
Stick yourself out there more , you have to do far more than eye contact .
Do what is best for you and he is .
Bad teeth , bad breath and bad bo .
No one needs to know that .
If I am to ask , I will then leave , stop the relationship and move on with my life .
Do not get me wrong .
I asked him if he still liked me and he said yes , but he did not act like it .
Where am I going with this ?
Keep getting her younger and younger men as you get a new one for her .
You know that is if you did not play the guilt trip .
That does n't mean it makes it right , it means that it makes us human .
It is a mistake that can not be undone .
Practice unwrapping starburst with your tongue , and tieing cherry <unk> w/ your tongue .
Do you catch her looking at you ?
I know three men that I can probably get away with doing something like that .
Ask her out or tell her you like or admire her .
If he is going to be an on , then you should end the relationship with him for good .
If they do not , then you will have to get on with your life .
I have never been to it .
Ask her name , do not act like you are the smoothest guy ever .
She calls him all the time .
How should I approach her and be not just another man hitting on her ?
Wait a little while , then date men that way you enjoy it more .
Someone who does n't mean to be mean because she thinks it is cool . It is not .
Because you do not have any decision about what to do .
I know , why should I hide it ?
Some men do not like to dance .
Truly , she is not your friend , because she will not stop bugging you .
I wish I had listened to my friends .
After how much time can you conclude that it takes too long and she is n't really interested ?
Do I want to be in love ?
Why do they want to be married ?
No brainer `` Oh and nice picture of George Clooney on your profile LMAO .
Some women can not seem to find men their own age attractive .
Some do , but I would rather have a pair that were not too big .
It sounds like you are both comfortable with things just the way they are .
It looks very nice on most of the girls .
Sometimes it is better to be very good friends first and make sure you are happy around each other .
Anyway , my question is , will I always feel that way ?
Listen to Faith Hill , and Love Ai n't Like That It is a great example .
Please do not ask that question if you do not want your feelings hurt .
And the girlfriend should accept that about if she loves you .
I think that it is totally hot when a man shaves his legs .
If you are still in touch , I do not think that is the best thing to do .
I like this boy Austin and I told my friend Claudia to ask if he likes me .
You are killing the rock by making up that stupid question , ever thought of having fun together ?
He is a player . No good trust me .
It depends , they all like different ones , but not selfsenterd freaks like you .
I think that is fantastic , maybe you should do the first move .
If he tUrNS YoU dOwN , he is not worth it in the first place .
Go up to her .
It is a good idea to always be honest , besides not many guys I know do not like being told they are hot .
They know the women will not chase them like good looking or wealthy men who get many women .
Just face him , say `` Hey , I like you wan na see a movie ? ''
That is why they call it making love .
Smile to him once in a while , then he will know .
Most girls are polite , she 'll answer it .
I would sound like my best friend .
Say hey , `` whateverhisnameis '' when you are taking me to dinner ?
It really depends on the guy , but I think most men seriously do not care .
If you want it to work out it will .
If he does not want to dance , then give it up .
But you know what , I feel the man should make the first move .
Without having a boyfriend would be very promiscuous .
Take it from a military girl , wait .
You never know girls who never show affection only when they want something .
I am 49 years of age and looking for a beautiful woman to spend my time with and possibly ?
Do you mean seem more attractive ?
Go to deleted items and it should be there .
This is a rude FLAG of how this guy is .
Possibly because your name is freakgirl , but if you show your face , maybe not no hard feelings .
That would be extremely painful . You know , trust me been there done that .
Do you love her in depth ?
Have fun in jail asking that question to your cell mate .
The only time you see a man emotional is when he is with his lady love .
Yes , I have done it , it was a lot of fun .
You have to let the person you are with know what you want .
It would be crazy if she calls five times a day about that .
Thank you for the APPRECAITES YOU .
My mother books them all the time at @ alanatvl.com .
Do you think he has enough to worry about ?
I have been dating this man who is younger than me .
Men play at love to get sex , women play at sex to get love .
It has to be played out after a while .
Everyone likes to be told that they are hot , even if they do not admit it .
Yes , however it depends on the man .
Perhaps because you think they look sexy when they are running on the field .
You are too young to be talking about kissing already .
I will tell her soon because she is my best friend .
I agree with the other person before anyone gets hurt .
I am ready to move on , but I love him too much .
Go out and do everything you could not when you were with him or her .
Obviously , men are not much better .
What if you tell him that you just want to be friends with benefits .
Playing a truth or dare game together .
He sounds like a manipulative jerk .
The slow down the pace maybe , fourplay ,
Death is similar to a large black bag full of crack or smack or meth .
Are you referring to me ? Do you live ?
No , you will not have been married to a complete arsehole .
It sounds like you really love her . No need to forget her .
Tell him that you just want to be friends and that you are really disappointed that he would act so dumb !
It always finds a way to get out in the open , just do not do it .
What is with chest hair ?
As for now , I think he is mad , hurt , upset and got over you .
Give your brother some money and tell him to take a hike .
No offense , but it sounds like a woman 's name .
Be cool and ask her on a date .
After you take her out , get to know her and then go for the kill , ask her out .
People do not like to be played yo-yo with .
Practice to unrap starburst wrappers with your tongue , the girls love it .
I do not know . I just want the points .
That is not exactly true , it is just that most girls are discreet about it .
That depends , are you a hot guy or a boy ?
I told him it was too late , other than that , I would n't have minded getting flowers sometimes .
Believe in is a strange way to put it .
Why ca n't men ( or boys in your case ) ever say the word `` love '' ?
Just enjoy the age you are and do not worry about all this .
Though I am nineteen years old , I like anything to thirty years old .
I had a friend in the same situation .
Women are just as perverted . Trust me .
You should not go out with a man because you need to .
What are you saying is that she does not want to be more than boyfriend and girlfriend ?
Is it usually about a year before both people being intimate ?
Probably because I knew all the girlfriends were not really the one until I met my wife .
I think as long as you do not base your relationship on sex , it is ok .
Some men would do that . Why ?
If your average guy breast size should not matter .
Stay far away from men who can not say I like you .
Yes , ask for permission by all means and watch how fast she slap the s -- - out you .
My husband likes me .
My mother also has cancer and this just hits to close to home for me .
Then be yourself , if he is impressed or likes you , he will talk back .
You do not want anyone else , but that person ever .
Why do n't you try talking to or seeing other men just to catch his reaction ?
It is okay to kiss on the first date .
Men have a problem with secrets .
I had someone get nasty with me because I was still dating ?
How do I kiss him ?
I am the maid of honor for my only sister and I want it to be perfect .
Unless it is with the wrong man .
