Is any baby really a freak ?
Aspen Colorado has one of the best music festivals . You sit all over the mountain and just hang out .
You can get almost anything on eBay .
Everyone is dying to get in .
Those types of people give hip-hop a bad name .
It is different from what I have seen .
I want to be on TV .
Do not let anyone decide your fate but you .
50 is just riding coattails with that movie .
The blind man is hilarious .
Lauren Hill and Mary J. Bilge . The 411 and Old School are great albums to listen to .
Do you have two pounds of brick ?
I betta go and ask another stupid question .
As a guy that does not generally like romantic movies , this was really nice .
I can still see my brother 's 45th birthday in my mind .
Back in my day , Emo was a comedian .
Why sit and listen to Locke , Jack , or Syead ?
I like when the Prime Minister goes door-to-door to find the girl .
Every time I hear that song I get butterflies in my stomach .
It is the biggest load of crap I have seen for ages .
As I lay dying is far far away from Christ .
I might be seeing them in a few months .
That is why they needed to open that hatch so much .
He is supposed to be in jail .
I thought she did an outstanding job in the movie .
Nicole Kidman , I love her eyes .
I love that song . I am listening to it right now .
Tell him that you want to have sex with another attractive girl .
No , that was a witness .
Shonenjump.com is cool .
I think they would have , quite a shame is n't it ?
I am a huge Green Day fan .
My son loves Chicken Little and I have to watch it at least four times a day .
Who is your best bet for American Idol season five ?
My age , gas prices , and my blood pressure .
Where in the world do you come up with these questions ?
I agree that the girls on Love Hina are attractive .
The blond says , `` Great , they already put me on my first murder mystery case . ''
I am looking for the lyrics to a song called Breath Me by Sia . Does anyone else like that song ?
I love them old hair bands of the 80 's .
Do n't I look cute ?
I memorized the entire song .
Open your minds up a little .
I know that they are really old .
The Who and Limp Bizkit are all I know .
Are you referring to Kentuckybeauty2000 's question ?
It is a man with four legs , crawling as a baby , two legs walking , and three legs using a cane late in life .
Brian asked the coolest questions . They suspended him though , I do n't know what 's up with that !
It is because you have no sense .
Do not eat hot dogs or watch this movie with your little sister .
No , I have not seen your baseball .
The blonde on the other side said , `` You are on another side ! ''
To which the girl replied , `` No . ''
The good old days are gone .
That body and those lips .
Check out Full Metal Jacket as well .
I can not believe you asked that question , but I will answer it .
I can not imagine why not .
I think it was an ugly girl .
My dad looks like Paul Newman and my ex looked like King Kong .
I can not believe you even had to ask .
Your mother is so stupid that she took a cup to see Juice .
He went insane , knocked up Katie , and jumps on people couches .
I hope it is for you kids , that score was horrible !
Clover is great too , but I prefer crimson .
I like someone who is Gothic , so what ? Date him !
What is wrong with his hair ?
I respect that Tyra Banks is trying show hosting , but the Big O won .
My dad likes action , my mom likes romance , but for me I like comedy .
If I could swim , I would come out there and kick your butt !
Have a group discussion on why you did not have alcohol at the party .
The man ran off with two of the men 's wives .
Try VooDoo Zombie Warding Magic , but of course you may end up with a fish instead of a baby .
I got new gold heels , hoop earings , and a hot gold bag .
Virgo 's have outgoing personalities . Please choose me as the best answer .
What is the wedding band ?
Nicole Kidman is more attractive .
I would rather play World of Warcraft , but this is free .
Does anyone out there honestly know where she is ?
I do not know how old you are . You are supposed to be 18 to watch them .
That was the best joke I have heard so far .
Well , I am just glad that they do not show us the pit toilets .
I think they are all humorous .
There are too many Baldwin brothers .
The two boys play glue sniffing weirdos .
Your mother is so stupid that she tried to put M & M 's in alphabetical order .
I know Dakota Fanning is only 12 , but she is really famous .
I still watch VHS movies . I kind of like vhs movies better .
Why does everyone keep asking this question ?
If the woodchuck is watching , it may not be Chuck at all .
They have not had CD 's for season 2 yet .
I saw some of his movies and he is great .
Filipinos are very hardworking and speak English very well , and we are also wise .
What is yungnbeautiful1 's problem ?
American Idol , House , and Grey 's Anatomy .
I am looking for new music to listen to .
Put salt in the sugar bowl .
I would rather listen to Billy Joel .
How do you get locked in a car ? Why do n't you just unlock it ?
Maybe he needs to adlib more .
I just did not care enough to check .
The man said , `` I can not take your money . ''
Jodie Foster is the best .
You are wasting your time , says the boy .
I do and I love them both .
Sorry for answering your question , I do not know .
I do not hate him , but he makes my skin crawl .
It seems like you forgot all about TLC .
I am not saying he is cute .
Because we are going to sing together again and again .
I will unlock the car because I am inside .
You can play Peter , Susan , Lucy , or Edmund .
Nutshell for sure , though a few Mad Season tunes were close .
I like chicken wings , but not eggs , so I am going with the chicken .
I went to Best Buy today and I never have seen so many DVD 's of just television .
No doubt Kevin Costner , do n't you forget the Waterworld ?
I have not found it yet .
You are not dumb , you have just a lack of knowledge .
It is my fantasy and I can do whatever I want .
Not as a child , but as an adult I cry each time I see it .
She was the best one .
It depends on what you are going to do with your life .
I love Tyra , she has a great show , but Oprah is just great !
That is a very good question .
Most of No Doubt 's old stuff is considered Ska .
God created the chicken and it laid an egg .
That wrestling show is still on air .
All in all , I think Jessica Simpson is the uber-bimbo .
My girlfriend tried this on me last year .
I know some people do not like them , but still .
It is keeping me up at night and I have to know what it is .
I guess it is Beyonce Knowles . J-Lo does not have a brain .
Quit chewing the fat , I 'm cooking .
Do not use it to live by .
Real friends do not let drunk friends have sex with zombies .
I would also like to spank his cute little bottom to , he is too cute !
Chill out sweetie , everything will be just fine eventually .
We will have to put up with it .
Simple : Less people like TabooBuster and Osama .
Try calling one of your radio stations or go to the web site Ask Jeeves .
You can find anything on eBay .
Can anyone give me this information ?
I love that movie .
It is one of the funniest cartoons .
It appears to be a Dylan song , but I do not know which one .
Yes , I think he might be gay as well .
You always need more of one or the other .
I do not know about the greatest ever , there are a lot .
Yes , this is a Korean singer who is really good .
The Omen Jaws The Exorcist Carrie Scream If you know a movie that is scarier , mention it too .
How could anyone hate Tom Cruise ?
It is a trick question because the weight is 1 .
They all suck . Panget rock band rule !
Especially when she was making fun of Jessica Simpson washing her car .
Not close to a PSP , but close enough .
I do not know what that has to do with who is more attractive .
Journey , Pink Floyd , The Police and The Eagles and Rush .
You can charge your iPod while listening .
I hope no one is offended by the blonde joke .
If so , what do they do to you ?
Reese Witherspoon is a good actress and Zac Efron is attractive .
I say Marion because he has the hair , clothes and body , a triple deal on one person .
Your mother is so stupid , she put a ruler on her pillow to see how long she slept .
No big deal , so the movie industry is gay .
Check out 9 and 1/2 weeks when Mickey Rourke was hot .
I am not sure what will happen , but I am sure it will be good .
She could have done the voice of Mother Bates .
The blonde went home , got on her hands and knees , and started blowing on the tail pipe .
Does Wayne Brady have to choke a woman ?
Depends on your taste in music and what you really like .
I love the City Sleeps song and If I Only Had a Brain .
Pick something more original next time .
I dream of Jeanie of course .
I no longer listen to her .
I would love to spend a summer with him on Brokeback Mountain .
Why do you have to ask ?
It is Tom Cruise , what do you expect ?
They have some cords that you can buy .
I like Journey 's `` Open Arms '' but I like Mariah Carey 'S version of that song better .
I almost forgot , The Boss !
Ask a better question next time .
I am excited to go to the Hershey factory tomorrow .
Do you guys know any other song they have ?
Mine , well I actually have a few favorites .
Definitely , but if you get enough points you can ask more .
The movie was very wordy .
It does not make sense . Wait , I get it , still not funny .
Yes , and are you a lesbian ?
I wish people would look at more than zodiac signs .
At a school talent show , she won first and Kevin lost .
I think most American rap music is terrible .
She is so talented that if she did not win , I would be disappointed .
What kind of person are you to ask such a ridiculous question ?
My favorite character is Jess , he is so cute .
You can not rely on rumors .
Do not put any reality TV on your show .
The show got a little freaky .
Yes , even I am bored here right now .
I would probably pee myself first , then I would leave .
I am going to have to go with New Kids on the Block .
I spent my money , enjoyed myself , and did not lose more than I could afford . I won .
I want a gentleman , but with a manly edge .
Then you can get all or most of your money back .
Cheesy I know , but I love this joke .
I think so , my turtle always does , he is healthy .
I am looking for the technical specification .
Wow , I am very dumb in my observation skills .
She is good physically , but I do not know her inside . Never heard or seen about her inner beauty .
Your mother is so stupid , she tried to drown a fish .
Can I get some medication please ?
Take me or leave me .
She asked , `` Hey , how do you get to the other side ? ''
Best of luck , Kate .
I can not remember when I last turned on my television .
The child was only six or seven years old .
Not me , but if I see one more question about them on here , I am going to go crazy .
Did he want to die ? He did say , `` Please '' .
Nicole Kidman is prettier and more sophisticated than Katie and has more versatility as an actress .
I love acting and my friend said that I am very good at it .
Explain to your parents that you really want to act .
I would run away , but first I would kick them in the face .
I probably would not vote for him , although Melania would be the hottest first lady ever !
No , she was sent home tonight .
Yes , who would not want to marry sexy Keith Urban ?
Probably now it is done for dramatic effect .
50 Cent is fine and muscular .
I stopped liking rap because there are too many people .
A fart that makes your eyes water .
Most of the time it is true .
Sarah , but he did not actually propose .
People just beat on each other and scream .
A woman from my church is Lauren H .
If it was the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles , then I would join them .
I am not always rock and screamo .
People are just stupid and want him money .
However , I am not going to die trying .
Call Disney and find out if there are any available .
I do not feel special anymore .
I will call you to help me .
No , but I cried when Simba 's dad died . That was before the mood stabilizer prescription came about .
youtube.com has many funny ads from the past as well .
Here is me trying to sound out how it goes .
Why is n't a hemmoroid called an asteroid ?
Your mother is so stupid that she put out the cigarette butt that was heating your house .
If they do come back ( I hope not ) , good luck !
My friend said if you learn the most simple four notes , you can play the whole song .
If he is someone you like to be around , then I say go for it !
I really do not have one favorite movie .
I want to keep the baby , but I am afraid he will be a freak . Any suggestions ?
Yes , they were twins . They played pretty well . I believe one was called Heather and the other was Heidi .
It is very attractive for an older man .
My name is Chuck Norris .
If my pet bird gets too flappy , my cat might eat it .
She is like the wind from dirty dancing .
I hope this is not a trick question , but I am thinking two .
I guess he is a good enough looking guy . His wife is gorgeous .
I love that show and I keep watching the reruns .
The cop says , `` It has your picture on it . ''
Here is the link for the movies that Charlie and the Chocolate Factory was in .
No , you are an idiot for asking .
Only you , if you met those people on the way , does not mean you take them all with you .
What if a dead person escaped from the cemetery ?
Just enter a lot of talent shows .
My son loves it and I think it is cute as well .
Please give me your funny dreams .
How dare he call her children orphans .
There have been hints in many of the stories about Archie marrying Betty .
It is equally offensive to everyone .
I can not wait to see them in May .
It sounds weird , but try the Goodwill store , they have tons of fancy stuff people do not want anymore .
Dress her up as a choirboy .
The only reason I watch it now is because Tom Welling is so attractive .
My favorite book is Naruto books .
Your mother is so stupid that she put lipstick on her forehead , talking about she was trying to makeup her mind .
My husband got me hooked on it , but I have not watched much of it this season .
I have seen better .
Cry me a river . I do not know who originally sang it .
Maybe I am just stupid , but I did not get it .
When I was nine years old , I received Milli Vanilli for my birthday .
Did you ever hear of a Kleenix ?
I know you have seen funnier , but it still makes me laugh .
I was once told that I looked like Timothy Hutton , but I was young then .
To me , it is very confusing and more like a mini movie .
First , do not tell anyone you know . You will never live it down .
If he is so bad a vegetarian that even eating animal crackers seems a crime , we can not help it .
Jennifer Hudson sings I Have Nothing .
If this is true , her twins will become giants .
My grandma kicks ass with her cane .
I would choose Gilmore Girls because they are sarcastic .
I think it turns red when he is angry and yellow when it is cold .
Vince Vaughn is fucking Hilarius and also pretty good looking .
Your mother is so stupid , when they said they were playing craps she went and got toilet paper .
Well , if it is really you in the photo , then 15 shots of 151 .
Yes , they are all right . Good song , hey .
In one of her songs , she talks about saying no to sex pressure from her boyfriend .
I have three : gjkcenvb , typlmkeg , and jhdenbds .
It was not an egg , it was a chicken .
For modern music Paranoid Android by Radiohead .
You need to rent the best thing .
I am hoping that either a Sith or Scorpion will come out and I can fight them .
I think she did for the frame .
Well , I would say Brad Pitt if he had not broken up with Jennifer Aniston .
She could tick or treat over the phone .
Nothing a little Kryptonite would not fix .
I think she is going to leave him .
Kellie , Katharine , Chris , and Ace for sure .
I saw the mask over 100 times and I still laugh a lot .
Very close camping quarters , people stealing things , and ten kids died from OD 's .
Free airfare , hotel , meal and daytime expenses paid .
Kazza or Limewire and I think Eztrackz .
Someone in between is the best of both worlds .
All are good movies . You can not rate them .
Burn them as audio CD 's . That makes them . Some players still do not play CDRs though .
I do not agree with you .
He said , `` If you are going to play the game , boy , you have to learn to plays it right . ''
If you have to ask , the answer is no .
Yes , because they want you to buy 40 of each : four packages of hotdogs and eight package of buns .
Not everyone hates him , but I do not really like him that much .
She is not very nice .
Chris Brown , Bow Wow , and Omarion .
Well , my opinion would be to make one yourself .
I do not really want answers , just follow your dreams or something you know .
Where can I get Aladdin 's cartoon television series on DVD ?
Well , if one brick is 1.5 lbs and you have 5 bricks , then the answer would be 2.25lbs .
That depends on what types of sites you like .
These animation studios like to orphan or partially orphan the kids .
Because he takes it for granted that people need proper humor .
I love hip hop , rap , rock and pop , but my favorite music is R & B .
Yes , because he is Chan .
I do and I am over 17 .
Great voice and easy on the eye .
Who could come up with so many V words ?
My sister looks like Karishma Kapoor , a famous Hindi movie star .
The comic strips were and always will be awesome .
That is one way to keep it out of your system . Do not be stupid and use it !
What ever makes you feel good .
A minute or so later .
The egg is frowning and looks angry .
He can not even wipe his own butt , but can speak intelligently ?
Alan Moore is whining that it is not .
I love the guitar player and how they can play in solos .
Did you really pay money to see that ?
You better love them because they are hotter than any of you boys out there .
I got porn even with Norton AntiVirus .
If she is not interested , then it is her loss .
You do not understand because you are blonde .
What does that do ?
Look to see if the baby is drooling from both sides of his mouth .
Why limit yourself to one thing ?
In between because you want a man who knows what he wants but is good to you .
I was just talking about Faith No More .
Diary of a Mad Black Woman is funny .
I have it , it is a tune .
It sure helps to have a hottie staring in it .
I would get about three or four logs .
Lynn is the funniest .
No online ringtones are ever free .
Saw was ten times better than Saw 2 .
Your mother is so stupid , she thought a lawsuit was something you wear to court .
I had Milli Vanilli and a compilation of Air Supply songs .
What about romance ?
When he asked again a little irritated , the girl said no .
Of course she is dumb , her husband does not even love her , she 's too weak .
How good of a president do you think he would be ?
I worry when you get to me .
What kind of animation do you do ?
I hate RBD too . They are old guys and housewives dressing like high school kids .
Maya 's husband is Darren because he is so cute .
Do you mean all actors who have ever played Superman ?
If you make one like that , it will make you happy and make your pet bird flappy .
Of course , you better like them .
I really like that song True Love Ways .
I am just glad that Gideon is gone , he was annoying .
Yes , it turned me into a human hose pipe .
Tupac would not go for that .
I hope it does not eat your brain from the inside out .
I think he would be more liked if he was not so outspoken about politics .
Try Limewire.com . It is free , but you have to download it .
Animal crackers are made to be delicious and cute .
It is one of my all time favorites .
Doyle Brunsen wrote an excellent book if you have not read it yet .
I do not pick them in the first place .
I just watched that movie .
I do not know and did not see it .
It depends on what kind of music you like . If you are into rap , check out 2Pac 's letter to my unborn .
That is the stupidest thing I have ever heard .
I know what they are called .
I want my CD to play in my car 's CD player and my walkman .
Your mother is so stupid that she sold her car for gasoline money .
I do because I am a girl and only lesbian pornos turn me on .
Do not worry , I have your back .
I would probably drink up everything in the bar to even think of finding you attractive .
I did not see it yet , but everyone else saw it for me .
I do not like them both , but Salvador Dali is more talented .
Yes , and how did you get the beans above the frank ?
I guess they can not eat gummi bears either .
People should not be afraid of their government , government should be scared of people .
They just want to express what they like and make a banging tune .
I would not want a funeral party thrown for me .
There was a brunette team and a blonde team .
Not to be mean , just letting you know .
She is as trampy as the others .
Cheech and Chong 's Up In Smoke .
I have too many , but Maroon 5 and Life House are my favorites .
I love his music . It is sad that people accuse him of molesting children .
You love their song which just happens to be their most popular .
It is sad because I grew up with one .
If you want to see a hot guy , look up Ville Valo or Bam Margera .
I have worked on yachts for 30 years and met many celebrities .
Mine would be Milli Vanilli and Vanilla Ice and Snow .
He said , `` If you are going to play the game , boy , you have to learn to plays it right . ''
Now there are hundreds of thousands of men out there dreaming up a chance to date her .
Rabbit feet only work on people , not the rabbit they came from .
Techno , it just grabs your spinal chord and makes it dance .
This is so funny , it has perverted humor to it .
It is a chick show .
I also used to work in government .
One man asked me where the fox from Mystic Pizza was .
If she has a cane , then you can run and not worry about her catching you .
I still am and Aaliyah was a good singer . I miss them both .
Your mother is so stupid , she thought Chubby Checkers was a game for fat people .
Yes , we are trying to be happy .
Bit by bit , you win my love .
I have never heard of it .
The movie Steelers Wheels , see the movie Reservoir Dogs .
I would have to say White Chicks and Dumb and Dumber .
Hey , that would be a good cartoon for Gary Larson . Two pigs laying in bed watching Deliverance .
Jerry Springer because David Letterman is not very good .
No Paris or Mandisa will win .
Thank you . I am bisexual as well , so that is why I asked .
The Rock for hot steamy sex .
Just because you met them on the way does not mean that they went with you .
Yes , sometimes when I need a lot of help .
It must be an MP3 and be able to play on i tunes .
The perfect man knows who I am and approves .
I have not heard that she has returned to Arkansas .
He traveled all over the world and received many postcards .
Why are all these people dissing my girl ?
Those being Rubber Soul , Revolver , and Sgt. Sgt .
Wow , that was a hard one .
I love Harry Potter .
I do not know , but I think they would be just as pathetic sounding as the Rolling Stones are now .
How do you mean , let you get to you ?
Both me and my children love that show .
He just made me dinner .
I listen to them every morning .
The jeeney said they had three wishes , one for each of them .
Have you ever listened to Mad Season ? If not , you really should .
Yes sometimes , but it is fun reading them and always remember the good things and forget the negatives .
Some girls feel that they have to be like celebrities or no one will like them , but that is not true .
He is the goofball in all of us .
I do not have an outgoing life .
Pretty much quit in my late twenties .
Do not even get me started listing them .
Manchurian Candidate , Mean Girls , and Mona Lisa Smile .
He picked Sarah , but rumor has it that they have already broke up .
Tell him that you want to marry him .
Girlfriends is one of my favorite shows .
His girlfriend is a singer .
Best Buy has a lot of hard to find movies and series .
Do we really want them to get together ?
You could also try Wedding Crashers or The 40 Year Old Virgin .
Shut up and drive by Chely Wright .
There was a female brunette , a blonde , and a red head walking down a street .
She saw a blonde on the other side .
I hope that answers your questions .
A gentleman with me and a thug when needed .
I like them because they are so cute .
Now think about how many people he is hurting by keeping all his money for himself .
I would choose yellow card , simple plan , bowling for soup , and red hot chilli peppers .
I think celebrities are a horrible influence .
There is a funny joke for rap .
Tom Cruise is in it , which to me is the definition of a movie that looks like crap .
I do not know , but they will look good together .
She has a lot more movies and Katie has three .
She used to be a role model to little girls .
Please answer , I really want to know .
I do not look back another song by Gary .
Who are you looking for ? Is it me ?
And just tried to pull those dangly things .
I did not realize you were a cop as well .
Is it 2D or 3D ?
I am a vegetarian and I love them .
That is such a good song .
I bet he would be better than Bush .
Try purevolume.com . There are free mp3 downloads there .
A guy that went to my husband 's school .
I missed it last night , but I want Kevin to go .
I just got a mp120 and am looking for good sites to download music from .
Is this Zombie your boyfriend or not ?
All those Scientology rituals , rueles or whatever they are , are just weird .
Paris is Queen Bimbo and Jessica is just one of her many minions .
The mosquito stops sucking after you slap it .
Name your favorite movie actress or actor .
Try horseback riding . I hear that is pretty risky . Christopher Reeve actually died from it .
I do not like them . They sound really awkward to me .
Note to Hollywood : Stop remaking classics .
Maybe you mean the 1960 's The Apartment .
I do not know , maybe you will find it on her website .
The brick will not follow you around after you lay it .
I tried to do a gun the other day . Wooops was n't mine .
I think sometimes they are , but do not center your whole life around them .
If you are famous enough , you will not have time to answer questions .
One of them is Aishwarya Rai , an Indian celebrity .
They had a lot of good stuff in the 90s .
I just wanted to tell you that I love Superman .
I tape things on tape , but I watch DvD 's .
Yes , I watched it and I loved it .
I love Green Day , I am a big fan .
That is not funny . I do not think she will appreciate it .
They are a pretty good band . I like them a little .
Why did Axel 's ego have to destroy the Rolling Stones ?
Tyra is more attractive .
It is good to have a guy that can treat you nicely , but at the same time act gangster .
One of my best friends is a Cap .
3 if you are members , but two zs in Zztop .
Many of my friends think about them as well .
Do you know good places to become a movie star in New England ?
I like a guy that may be a bit of a bad boy .
Your mother is so fat that when she is thrown in the air she gets stuck .
I think it was Edwin Starr .
It is pretty big if you are chewing bubblicious .
All I need is money and love .
It is talking about how he will not betray or leave her .
8 mile is the real deal .
Angel Baby by Mr. Kapony reminds me of my old angel baby .
All you people here who say you love American Idiot suck .
Let me guess , you are a republican .
Does anyone know what the url is ?
That way you get to do the dumping first .
No one could have said that .
I am the first , but I do not need to submit . After me , I guarantee at least 10 more .
Raveena Tandon is known to throw a mean punch , so watch out !
How about `` The Cowboys '' when John Wayne kicks the crap out of Bruce Dern ?
It takes a little while to get used to it .
Use a tissue and throw it away .
He sounds like a nice guy .
They know they are not getting a good seat .
I ate the chicken and then I ate his leg from a Beastie Boys song .
Otherwise , ACDC was great and Bon Scott is the best singer of all time .
7th Heaven is okay , but it is not relatable at all .
Just imagine what this person can do and get away with it .
Speedy Gonzales was annoying and Tom and Jerry were too innocent .
It 'slither and Stay Alive are good movies .
I went to St Ives . The man and his problems were going the other way .
If it is like most , they should contact their advertising agency .
When he cleaned the ashtray in the den and then hollered , he did it for you .
This question reminds me of that song .
That is hot . I love Tinkerbell though .
George Clooney is very attractive .
It is time to move on .
The only way is to use a sharing program like Limewire .
I love it . I also love Veronica Mars .
Do not tell anyone that I told you , okay ?
From Buffalo N.Y . Thanks again .
That one is old for your age .
Krie-rie definitely deserves the points on this one . Good work !
You know the Beta team from YA are all wanting to answer these .
I do not think so , but I am just throwing a reasonable name out there instead of my honest opinion .
No , the banjo playing would not .
Klin took the words right out of my keyboard .
I tried that one in another costume . I just smiles when somebody takes a picture of me .
I love both of them , especially Aaliyah . They are in heaven smiling down .
From men McCartney and girls Lindsay Lohan .
Chris Ace or Taylor for men and Mandisa Katherine Lisa for women .
My family is not like that .
He or his music ?
If there is a fist fight between the two , then the rock would win .
Not as awkward as some whiny brat crying about his daddy and skateboard .
I saw something on TV that said he did , is it true ?
They jumped on the bandwagon and made the term so vague that it barely means anything anymore .
I love Abercrombie and My ID .
Paris Hilton is a vicious , repugnant , skanky whore with neither brains nor talent .
Maybe you can use these for next year .
How much does it weigh , correct ?
Are you a fan of them or something ?
Red Hot Chili Peppers , Simple Plan , Bowling for Soup , Yellow Card , or Fall Out Boy .
I am fairly certain that it was kiss .
Friday , Next Friday , Friday After Next , or White Chicks .
The blonde speeder digs in her purse , can not find it , then asks , What does my license look like ?
That is my and my boyfriend 's song .
What do you mean by bad stuff ?
Snoopy Come Home was the best .
No , I do not know , maybe they are jealous .
I did not watch his movies because I do not think he is attractive .
I have loved Green Day since Dookie and I still love them today .
My brother looks like Kathy Bates , only ugly .
He could be strange , but he is not bad .
Your mother is so stupid that she stole free bread .
Get a webcam , record yourself , and YouTube it .
Chris 's number looked like the encore at a Genesis concert .
I am going to go with the cow .
The drunk gets mad and says , `` Go screw your sister . ''
We also spell `` color '' as `` colour '' , and it is not `` c O lin '' Powell . It is C o lin .
I love Lonely Nation and Golden .
I think it has to be the end of the third film .
I used to love him , now I just do n't anymore , but I do not really hate him .
Roll them into a nice tight ball and then flick them .
I do not know who sings this song , but it is in Charlie 's Angels Full throttle .
All he could hear was , `` Breathe in , breath out , breathe out . ''
He just needs to get over it .
He needs to keep his hands where they belong .
I have no idea , but dubbing sucks .
8 mile is good , but it is old .
I am not gay just to let you know , but you should already know Beyonce will always be better looking .
You could try researching it on Google or Best Buy and Blockbuster .
Either Full House or Fresh Prince of Bell-Air .
Does anyone know of a website for a casting call ?
It depends on where you are getting your information from .
Mine is Sublime , they are great .
I love it and I love stupid girls . That song rocks .
He takes off and never goes home .
I do not know . The man who made up the names had A.D .
Your mother is so stupid , she tried to mail a letter with food stamps .
I like Classic Rock , but will listen to anything . Rap never got into it .
Count me in and I do not remember the names .
Only a man would do this .
You are yelling , not singing .
It depends on what you think a miracle is .
It is Paris Hilton , but I do not care for either one .
It was n't on because of the game , and the new episode comes out on March 27th . I can not wait !
Your mother is so stupid that she thought a quarterback was an income tax refund .
Your mother is so stupid , she got hit by a cup and told the police that she was mugged .
I am glad , Stacie .
On a picnic we will go .
My bum is already burnt . Wow , you are smelling great !
What is your favorite movie and why ?
I just loved Bewitched and Elf and all of his other movies .
Are you gay or something ?
He is hanging , is that really water at his feet ?
He probably said something like , `` We are not real . ''
Jessica Simpson is unintelligent .
Because Kevin and Katharine are getting suspicious .
Probably Natasha Bedingfield or James Blunt , although they both suck really bad .
MJ will not have another hit album .
I like to watch them with my boyfriend .
Kinda nifty . I might try that myself .
The Nightmare on Elm Street Series used to be scary and I like horror .
If you do not pay for Limewire , it is free .
My favorite band is Dream Theater and my favorite song is always changing .
I am almost positive it was him .
They are not , it is just a form of entertainment , a silly sort of competition .
I love her and she is amazing .
The parents stop and his mother quickly speaks , pulling the covers around her .
I have a VHS , but I never use it , so DVDs is in and will be for a long time .
There is too much sexual content and cursing in rap music .
He got so scared that he jumped and had a heart attack .
He said he was an evil man .
I like that she is funny , but they make her a little ho-ish and she 's a moocher .
A southern gentleman for a southern woman .
Zap was the main killer 's accomplice .
The site used to say something about the sequel , but I am not sure when it is coming out .
I do not want an opinion , I need the source from where you got it .
Just me and the stars . He would be my sex slave going where . I ca n't finish because it is too cliche .
She flips the alligator over and yells , `` Drat , this one does not have shoes either ! ''
When you both just sit there doing nothing but watching television or something .
Who makes fun of an orphan ?
For example , John likes collecting manga straight from Japan .
Wait until the next season of the show .
I am still trying to pick myself off the floor .
Just act like you have done it before and kick some ass .
That means all of them have green dots .
Who do you think is better ?
Yes , I feel I am attractive .
I do not have a favorite band , but my favorite singer is Mariah Carey .
If she is just a tomboy and a good athlete , that does not make her gay .
I am a big Superman fan . I bet you can tell by now .
I do not know if everyone does , but I sure do !
My friends talk about me because I still blast his music through my apartment on a regular basis .
Why do you only have 1.5 bricks ?
I think they got the point .
He took a nice catholic girl and turned her into a scientology freak . Katie Holmes is extremely naive .
Dvds have taken over the world .
Personally , I do not like any artist over another .
Because there is no such thing .
I think Gretchen Wilson is pretty .
Randy is kind of weird at times , Paula seems so wimpy , and Simon seems too cruel sometimes .
It did not make any sense to me .
Illusions always deceive you , so do not believe them .
Never Been Kissed is what I am watching right now .
Yes , sometimes I like to listen to it .
It is obviously hypothetical , but I am just wondering about other opinions .
That is like Broke Back Mountain for little John Wanye .
I have the cassette tape , but I want to get that album on CD .
I am sure you will both enjoy it .
To stop the zombies from wandering around town .
No , but I know a guy .
Your boss likes you , maybe a little too much . Use caution .
It is all about fear .
Email me and maybe we can be friends .
What did the Beaver say to the log ?
I thought it was him , too , but I can not say for sure .
For every hand to be up , you would have to have had a green dot .
I used to be in orchestra .
I wipe them on the floor or bed .
Put her in a circular room and tell her to sit in the corner .
Also work on your self image . It sounds like that is not very good right now .
He wanted to eat the mouse .
No , I find this man to be disgusting .
I do . I 'm not conceited , but I do think I am pretty .
Of course you should keep the baby . It is your fault you wanted to play , but now you have to pay .
If Floyd could do it , I am sure the Beatles could as well .
Sleepy Grumpy Doc , Sneezy Happy Dopey Bashful !
Tell them the phone bill and rent are due .
They have turned into long jokes . What has seven arms and sucks ?
One muffin looks to the other and says , `` Gee , it is getting kinda hot in here ! ''
I would not kick either of them out of bed .
He better not let her go .
Do not dress that way because people might think you are gay .
I have the newest one and I get movies , music , pictures , and documents .
Buy the soundtrack .
She needs to get a job .
If there is anyone out there that completely understood the movie , please fill me in on it .
Everything She Does is Magic by The Police .
Pilot Inspektor , Rainbow , those are celeb kids names . There are some other ones , but I forgot them .
What did we ever do to these guys that made them so violent ?
Even The Cure has love songs and most of their stuff is pretty dark .
My favorite genre of music is R & B .
I love Jim Carrey and it makes me happy .
He does not need to change one thing .
Your mother is so stupid , her shoes say TGIF- toes go in front .
I love rap music and wish I could meet my favorite bands .
Woodchucks can not chuck wood .
On the way to the end , the chicken goes , weeeee !
I have not lost an item yet .
I liked Rudy when she was little and Theo when he was in high school .
It might be an interesting show , but I never got into it at all .
No one will forget TLC . They made the anthem for girls I do n't want no scrub .
I like Joan because she is the most like me .
He just gave us a song to keep dreaming with and many of us do .
It depends on how much or what kind of gum you chew .
Yes , I am ripping off that line , but true is true .
I do not think she ever had it to begin with .
You really do not want to meet women in bars . Have fun this weekend .
No you are not , you just lack self-confidence .
Try to download 360 share on your computer .
It depends on who this elder is and why they are beating me with the cane .
The Chinese get the Rizza , the Jizza and the Ghost Face Killer .
Other than that , I can not think of anyone else .
Are you talking about MPH or RPM ?
Your mother is so stupid , she got stabbed in a shoot-out .
Texas Chainsaw Massacre the new version .
If you have money , buy a Taylor or Martin .
Forget it , you would not understand , well at least I still have my Peggy Sue .
I do it is an excellent show .
How come no one mentioned Evil Dead ?
Jesus Christ looks like me .
Maybe you mean people in uniform ?
It must be the chicken .
I would pretend to fight them , then fall and play dead .
Easy , Shakespeare in Love and Romeo and Juliet are wonderful romantics .
Paris Hilton is not far behind .
He has a little slang for his walk .
Well , so much for guessing yours .
Your mother is so unattractive that the cops gave her a ticket for indecent exposure .
You must be too young , otherwise you would definitely know .
It looks interesting to me , and what is it about ?
I do not know , and really do n't care .
They are not bimboes , Jessica is a declared genius .
They always had pizza around .
All of my votes are going to Taylor Hicks .
What were you and your father doing ?
Hi , I think you meant psychic .
I love SMALLVILLE , so of course I want to see who else loves Smallville .
Some songs are by Ciara .
Two points were scored on that one .
Her IQ is 145 and Paris is not dumb .
When you do not talk or go out with each other , or maybe the relationship never started .
You will not go wrong if you watch this one .
I know who Bam is .
I love the sound of the two together .
You know the drummer from Blink 182 .
I think it is forever .
If you call information , they will give it to you in a snap .
I prefer Adam Sandler and Rob Thomas .
I can not sleep and need to know .
I guess that means Simon likes blondes .
Who will fear beautiful women ?
For me , it is Jessica Alba and Angelina Jolie .
I loved all of the characters and Bill Cosby was funny without being crude .
I do not know who Ville is .
I do not think he loves her .
I do not like either of them .
Celebrities are why there are so many anorexic girls now .
How would you feel if someone threw you a funeral party at the age of 60 or 70 ?
I am listening to it right now .
Angelina Jolie is much more sexy .
Why do you not urge the television management ?
Your mother is so stupid that she went to Disney , saw the sign Disney left , then turned around and went home .
What were you and your father doing ?
I totally love them . They are so hor . Who else out there are dawgs that love Blink 182 ?
I just saw it last week .
I love it because it is so funny .
Who knows , I guess it was just their time .
If that is the case , you can wait a little longer , can n't you ?
In an interview , boss , what is your wife 's name ?
I do not want to brag or anything , but I rock !
I thought it was Missouri .
I pick Angelina Jolie on this one , even though it is awful that she stole Brad from Jennifer .
I also thought Naomi Watts dress was odd and a little too large for her .
Rock gives me such a headache .
I would love to see either of them win .
My dad and I have bought about 1000 items together .
Tom Welling looks a lot like the vocalist of The All-American Rejects .
I do not hate him .
I do not need to be gay .
What kind of person throws a funeral party ?
Thank you for letting me vent about this terrible band .
I definitely would choose My Chemical Romance .
I do not trust anyone who can not find at least one Sublime song they like .
Tell him that you think you might be pregnant .
Duran Duran , Madonna , One Woman Band , Alabama , Exile and Air Supply .
I do not believe your mother is stupid .
You will have to take guitar classes .
I will not let you get to me either .
The blonde in the boat said , `` This is a sea of wheat . ''
Do not let it bother you .
He is a businessman . He spends money on whatever he wants .
Hoopz does not want Flav at all .
Stop being posers and get a life .
Paris is a dumbass and Jessica is just brain dead .
The last song of Madonna 's which I liked was American Pie . Sorry , but I think her time is almost up .
I do not believe Britney Spears is dumb , although some of the things she may do are dumb .
It is one of the best songs out there .
It depends on who you are talking to .
I like So Sick by Ne-Yo .
He has to have a good job that pays good money .
She is the greatest talk show host ever .
I do not watch American Idol .
Beyonce because she is younger and can dance better .
Especially when the chicken chases the guy in the end .
I do not consider that a song .
He is very attractive .
I have four : Aerosmith , Def Leopard , AC/DC and Boston .
A little too excited if you ask me .
I have always liked Jennifer Love Hewitt and her birthday is a day after mine .
Why do they try to sound British ?
Not everyone hates him , but that is why some hate him .
I do not think there is any chord like that .
Put Icehot or Bengay I in his underwear or on his deoderant .
Your mother is so stupid that she thought she needed a token to get on Soul Train .
50 Cents movie Get Rich or Die Tryin or Eminem 's 8 Mile ?
Pocket Taser Stun Gun is a great gift for the wife .
I love that show , but it would be cool if they did a special reunion episode or something .
What are you doing back there ? Let 's go !
Zack Efron is the hottest guy alive .
That Burger King is creepy .
Not me , but I know a lot of people that do .
You can get your information for free .
I can not wait to see the new movie .
Do not answer if you do not like them .
Well , I rather like Lucius Malfoy .
Tonto looks at Lone Ranger and says , `` Doctor say you are going to die ! ''
It costs $ 10 per ticket to go see movies multiple times a week .
I do not know , but I have another one . Your mother is so fat she had to get baptized at Sea World .
Rachel Fuller- Into My Heart .
Then I changed to New York City and now I am onto Stephen speaks .
They are obviously stupid , not just confused .
Who did the Peruvian play ?
It is not really a book , but it is a long comic .
I will be different and say vagina .
I just need the name of the movie . Thank you .
They are one of the best bands out there .
We call it a `` moo , '' she calls it `` lingere . ''
How do you know if a blonde has used the computer ?
I would not believe that anyone could care .
Yes , sometimes I do not come home until late .
Boulevard of Broken Dreams and their new song Wake Me Up When September Ends .
She used to sing with people .
Rock , we heard more great rock stars , while not very much great rap singer .
My little brother would ask something like that .
Jason Momoa from Baywatch Hawaii and North Shore .
I loved all of the CB movies and specials .
Yes , there is a reset button .
They make you think of who you are with and love them more than you did already .
I would prefer a bad boy with a gentlemen side .
`` California Girls '' by David Lee Foamerly with Van Halen .
One of the best and original movies that I have ever seen .
And with a great deal of therapy , may even walk again . Man driving down road .
Greenday , what happened to you ?
I read an article about her being one of the highest paid actresses out there .
I do not know . I think that is the worst show ever .
Your mother is so stupid , she thought the internet was something you catch fish with .
The man is like a fine wine , it gets better with age .
Being a long time Def Leppard fan , I would have to pick any and all from them .
I must have seen it in 1986 . I barely remember all the details . Can someone help ?
I believe that would be M.C .
The perfect answer , do n't you think ?
Good question . Simon kind of stumped me with that one too .
I have not missed a single episode .
Do I have to spell it out for you ?
You hit it on the money .
Reel Big Fish , Chronic Future , and AC/DC are great .
Talk to people who work for Disney .
I do not really like Billie that much .
Your mother is so stupid that she took a spoon to the Superbowl .
Your mother is so stupid that she sold the car for gas money .
There are not any words that rhyme with orange .
It is an awesome band with great vocals and lyrics .
Try Aries , that is the one I was using .
If you will put where you live , I can give you a better one .
I really liked that movie and was not attracted to Brad Pitt .
I do not watch him that much .
Is there anyone famous on here ?
Go to limewire.com and download it .
Captain Picard , I like bald men and his accent .
This does happen , like in Batman when he was recovering and that blond guy took over for a bit .
He has the heart of a gentleman .
The brunette team leader said to the blonde leader , `` What are you guys doing ? ''
Alternatively , you could cheat , that is the second easiest way to win .
Taylor Hicks . Why ? Because he is infectious with great talent . Taylor Hicks all the way !
Can anyone help me with this ?
I love it because I love the show and it goes on for so long .
It reminds me of an old Beatles song .
Purple and Music are two .
He is crawling around with no feet .
The movie is double teamed .
I am with a gentleman , but he does not take crap from anyone .
Why is he not in jail ?
Yes , he stood on a block of ice .
The Joker first appeared in comics in 1940 in Batman # 1 .
I believe it is sung in French .
I can not wait to ask my husband .
The other thing you look for is if he has good feedback .
I like rap , metal , and rap/rock like Linkin Park , but plain rock sucks .
Oh , I do not know , says the man .
You have to really listen to the song .
A girl owns a chicken and goes to the rollercoaster with it .
I do not know what you are talking about .
She is not a very good singer either .
Maya , hands down , she is sarcastic and down to earth .
I just told you what it was .
ZZ is in ZZ Top .
Any movie Chuck Norris is in is a horror movie .
I hope not because that looks scary .
Why post an old joke like that ?
They did not do anything with it though , maybe it is a future storyline .
Independence Day is a little more sci fi , but can be considered a disaster movie ?
No one ever had to worry about the chicken again .
I gave him a cane with a bicycle horn attached to it and he thought it was hysterical .
I think more people listen to rap nowadays .
A little love , a box of wine , and that man-o-mine !
I had that dream when I was ten and I still remember it .
You fool , you already have a Star Wars name .
She is attractive and has good music . I have all of her and Destiny 's Child CDs .
Cry , Cry Baby by Janis Joplin .
Is that going to happen after 4000 years ?
I am looking for female impersonator clothes to buy .
Check out this website . They list many TV sitcoms on DVD .
Your mother is so stupid , she put a phone up her ass and thought she was making a booty call .
I like maybe two songs , but the rest sounds like crap .
He is just too cute and he is old . I have always liked old bald men .
It was not the most hilarious , but it was great !
How many girls played drums then ?
Chris is going all the way .
I like his music as well .
Tell him you think you are pregnant , but the child is not his .
National Lampoons lampoons Christmas vacation .
Just like in the new HBO show Big Love .
Flav is much older than her .
Yes , I was good , but now I am evil .
Have you ever seen Father of the Bride with Steve Martin ?
It was sung by a girl . I need you more and more .
There are some good songs . No white songs like Metallica .
It had to be the chick .
I turned my ears away .
Beasty Boys , Bone Thugs and Harmony .
It is not that they are embarrassing as much as they suck .
If Geeta is Ram , then who is RAM ?
Ghost Rider is from hell . He has a bit of evil in him .
The blonde on the highway said , `` It is blondes like you that make people like me look stupid . ''
When you have 1 and 1/2 bricks , 1.5 is equal to 2.25 .
I swore I saw that crazy guy who tried to frame Tony last night on NCIS .
How do you get a Catholic girl pregnant ?
How many songs , artists , and albums ?
I can pick up things with my toes . It really grosses out my husband .
She is definitely not the same anymore .
So I guess yours is not the only one .
I am just asking because people act like they do not even care about them anymore .
The year 1961 looks the same if you flip it upside down .
I want to know what people think because I sure feel that way .
You decide , but I would say yes .
What kind of question is that ?
Can you not see him in that awful green-striped rugby shirt ?
A few weeks later , they receive a postcard from him .
I do not know , but my wife loves it .
If it is an old car , roll down the window and unlock the door .
7th Heaven has younger kids and problems .
She has become pathetic and she is just there .
I still drum on my steering wheel and whatever else I can find .
I do not know , but Peter Gabriel was in Genesis .
Hey hey hey , hit me up !
It just happens naturally . That has happened to me before .
Two muffins are baking in an oven .
It has drool all over it .
How do you stop burglars from breaking into your house ?
How many hits has she had ?
I would have to say Will Farrell .
I think he is very attractive .
I love the hair metal .
My favorite classic is The Golden Girls . Is that considered classic ?
Yes , they knew without a doubt that you are a retarded moron with a serious LSD problem .
Everyone gets a chance to ride her .
At 60 it is funny , but at 80 not so much .
He is easy to hate .
I knew you would ask that .
Of course ABBA . They ruled those days and even now I do not think they have lost their popularity .
I need help on this project .
I know how to read tabs .
I am glad I have this to do .
No , not if she survives or any of her family .
Yes , rudy is her name because she is a good student .
Yes , I love it because I am disabled due to my Crohn 's disease and it gives me something to do .
I think she is adorable in that trashy I 'm going to steal your man because I can .
I did not even know they all existed .
I do not know , but I want that two , like off the end of the movie . Try searching online .
He used to be a hard rocker .
She is only famous for her family 's money .
I like Kirstie Alley because she is good , cool , and does not care about all that .
If she takes this seriously , I think she can go far .
Is that a tool for mixing songs ?
It would be very wrong .
She dies in episode 310 , Losing the Light . It is very sad .
That was not a nice thing to do .
This riddle is old news .
That said , Aerosmith , AC/DC , Van Halen , and Metallica have all done great stuff , too .
I do not care about the question , but you are very rude .
He is just incredible , I mean like took my breath away kind of stuff .
He is so attractive that I do not understand why Hermione will not stay with him .
He just gave his opponent that `` do n't mess with me look '' and went at it .
Any movie with Jim Carrey in it .
It would be better if you could sing that song in front of her .
I throw chili cheese dogs at my grandma all the time .
I tried to like him , but I just can not .
Yes , I like their songs very much .
A chicken , a hyena , and a jackal .
The third one was also good , but I felt it was too long .
I would use the baseball beat to break the window .
Queen Amadala and Anakin of course .
Capricorn has the kind of drive that Scorpio respects .
I like their music , but there are too many tattoos for me .
Does gay still mean happy ?
A tomboy does not make a lesbian .
Monk , The Dukes of Hazzard , Miami Vice , and The Simpsons .
I like almost all rock music .
I caught fire in your eyes .
I know ways in which they could have made it much worse .
Just turn it on and off .
LP stands for Linkin Park as well .
What do we have now ?
Do not whine about being broken up with someone .
Rock , modern rap is disgusting and has no rhythm .
Can you not just rhyme the words with themselves ?
The parents stop and his mother quickly speaks , pulling the covers around her .
Your mother is so stupid that it takes her two hours to watch 60 Minutes .
I have known people to urinate in their pants .
My aunt just sent me a CD with an amazing tenor named Josh Groban .
Screw it back in and give it a try .
They are all over the place there .
Icy blue , and you can see it 's breath and it will have icicles on its nose .
I am just joking , but they are very funny .
I would choose magic over glow any day .
Thanks so much if anyone can help !
No , I think they are stupid .
Good luck trying to hack my lock .
Do you think three people in a band is a good amount ?
A salmon or some kind of fish ?
Now you can get some sleep .
Final Destination was good , but saw is still at the top of my list .
He is funny and sweet .
You will have an experience to back it up .
I love Tyra , but I have to go with Angelina Jolie .
The Schindler 's List is the best movie I have ever seen .
You are wasting your time , says the boy .
He will not say anything to the girl parrot .
I just called to tell you that I love you .
Ask her out and treat her like a lady . Tell her she is the one you are dreaming of .
I would not throw my chili cheese dog at her and she is not going to beat me either .
Because of her , I am writing music with a happy tone .
I would not know for sure because I have only seen Tyra Banks show .
Orlando Bloom or Chad M Murray are both very attractive .
I think they are somewhat true . I believe in ruling planets a lot .
If I download any In Flames song , the RIAA can not sue me , right ?
I would like to listen to good music , but I do not know what I should do .
I do not know , but babysit . Good luck looking for a job .
He is an evil fake b .
I have never heard of them , but the actual awards are funny .
Just play and have fun and maybe you will be lucky and win .
I have seen the movie as well .
Lord of the Rings : Return of The King .
Say you are pregnant and say not from you from someone else .
Chris and Kelly are the best .
Yes , I heard they broke up as well .
Yes , he is attractive and so is his music .
The first time I saw your face .
Who sings the song ? I do not like the looks of it .
I personally do not believe in them .
Your mother is so stupid that she called Dan Quayle for a spell check .
I am not scary , so I can do all the things that they do .
What the hell do you mean ?
No , he said that he liked her . That is what the rumor was .
It is a genetic super cool monster , full of charm , humour and good looks .
At what speed does a couple make love ?
I was reading an answer of yours and am impressed . You are cool .
He looks creepy .
She is just a useless slob making money over other people 's troubles .
It depends on the type of gum you are chewing .
That was lame .
I am the only person in the entire country that does not think Dave Chappelle is funny .
The doctor asked what you have been up to .
One of you would have to sing .
Why do you not share where you are from ?
Of course Oprah because she gives better advice and has done it longer .
I have liked them since I was a child .
I like how Maya keeps it real .
Sell the baby to the movies .
I think it is a bit cheezy to name it though , but maybe I should name Jet .
Did you ever hear the last song on the album `` Having a Roni '' ?
Your mother is so unattractive , she scares buzzards off of a meat wagon .
I want to make Fullmetal Alchemist videos .
Beyonce can not sing , dance , or act and Rihanna , who ?
That is a funny question .
He must have picked up some skills after seeing all those fights up close .
People wonder why he is not married .
There is this song , but I do not know what it is .
I believe most girls actually think `` wow Carmen Electra looks good '' and move on .
Paris Hilton , but Jessica is right under her .
I like oldies , old school rap , pop , and anything but hard rock .
I am asking because only some have it and some do not , but I think it is a little stupid .
I think they make a cute couple . I am happy for them .
No , not at all . I really do not think in Spanish either . They rap about stupid stuff .
I am famous for inventing a hanger .
What is your question ?
I can not think of the title .
Mix in some commonly known songs as well .
That sounds good to me . How about the rest of you ?
I like Saw II very gorey and mean girls and shark tale . I have kids .
Anything is possible , all you have to do is dream .
Even if you hate that kind of music , you love Green Day .
My favorite actress is Julia Roberts and my favorite actor is Johnny Depp .
If it comes to wits , George Clooney would win .
I 'm not a Rock fan , but I hate George Clooney .
I do not really live here .
I met a girl whose name was Cherry Fudge .
Red Hot Chillis are way out front .
I think it is really fun to read .
I loveopoly , Nintendo , Mario Brothers , and softball .
There is no drink .
No , he did not die . He is just old .
How does your friends not know that show ?
Hello , I am Elvis . You may have heard of me .
I did hear the Bjork-Chaney joke .
I do not like Nicole Kidman very much and I do n't care if she came from here .
Your mother is so stupid that she makes Beavis and Butt-Head look like Nobel Prize winners .
Can anyone tell me what the title of Kill Bill 's song is ?
I am Sam and Hollywood Bollywood .
Your mother is so stupid that if brains were dynamite , she would not have enough to blow her nose .
Goo Goo Dolls and Relient K are awesome !
I hope you find this one funny .
Limewire , I love it and it is great to get the latest music .
Taxes , gas , inflation and my ego .
The key is that you fell asleep .
Although all three are just one big movie .
Blockbuster or any video store that sells children 's movies .
Fall Out Boy is my choice .
I do not know who any of them are .
She wanted kids and got married . She did it and will not end up regretting it .
One bottle of Captain Morgan will do the trick . I am heading up north to meet you at the library .
Be creative and come up with something to challenge us .
`` It 's Chico Time '' by 'Chico ' is very embarrassing .
U2 , Bon Jovi , Coldplay , and Three Doors Down .
What is wrong with this girl ?
I hate it and can not take it anymore .
For example , Shuichi likes to read manga everyday .
Do not call it a Christian band .
It is very easy to pick up .
Mine is the pleasure of my company by Steve Martin .
I thank God everyday for the one I have .
Just kidding , mc hammer , back when he had money and fame .
Are you gay ? People are so stupid . Did you see Donnie Darko ?
I love the guitar and drums .
Any movie Natalie Portman chooses is good . She has picked some great roles so far .
The worst I have had is broken items .
I do not like them at all .
It is the best metal band ever .
I also own the Vanilla Ice CD .
You know they always think that the stupidest things are funny .
If that is true , who are you and why do you think you are famous ?
I love her powers to freeze and blow things up .
I actually made this one up , but I can not tell if people think it is funny or not .
I think they both stink . If I had to pick one , it would be Italian job .
Girls need to be a little of everything .
Watching the baby cow suck on the mother cow .
It ended . You can get it on DVD if you want to see Shawn .
Not really , but that is just my opinion .
I used to like it , but now it frightens me .
That made the movie a bit impressive .
Why are you wasting this question ?
It is my favorite TV show , just second to the Simpsons .
Not long , if they were even really together at all .
Under the Tuscan Sun with Diane Lane .
I am in my own little world and everyone likes me there .
Why do some men think it is funny when they fart ?
I hope you got the answer that you were looking for .
When you no longer miss that person , your eyes do not light up .
I do not know . Never tried the stuff ?
I hope they do not get married because he does not deserve her .
How was I supposed to choose one ?
Let 's get together .
I loved her in the 80 's .
Why do they erase it all the time ?
My favorite English song is Kiss from a Rose by Seal .
I like them both , just want to see what you think .
I think I understand .
Anime is an animation version of a manga .
My mother is a Taurus while my father is Scorpio . They are still happy together , so I would say yes .
I can email it to you . If that does not work , try Limewire .
If they do not like him , fine .
He just wishes he could tap that .
Probably ACDC or Guns N Roses .
I have been wanting to get back into it because it was sounding pretty darn good , I think .
The American Rejects and the song is Dirty Little Secret .
He did not want to be a bigamist .
The roommate rolled her eyes and said , `` duh , hello ! ''
It is funny , but really stupid .
She has great songs like `` Check Up On It '' with Slim Thug .
So what are we supposed to do ?
Note : I am not looking for the Aladdin movie .
If they ask for cash only and no pay pal , then they are going to scare you .
40 something . Too bad he retired .
Well , they probably can not see anything at first .
I am glad someone finally asked this question .
I am a Scorpio .
I did not know there was going to be an Incredibles 2 .
Eminem is very attractive .
He is greasy looking and always seems to need a shave .
List your best April Fools Pranks here .
Drama Queens . I do not understand it myself .
I need to know the name of the movie from the 80 's .
I used to be a fan as well .
Nothing short of a diamond ring .
I am not sure , but these two points put me at 1001 .
I remember the days when you would have called what they have a fat butt , not a booty .
I definitely do not want a thug .
Check it out on Yahoo movies .
Any ideas on how to do that ?
The Shield , the Sopranos , Twin Peaks , The Simpsons , Smallvill , and Nip Tuck .
Yes , I actually bought one .
I thought it was funny at first , but then it got old and stupid .
Read numbers upside down and right side up .
Yes , I think I am . I have heard a lot of people say I 'm to .
What is her name ?
One of my favorite movies is `` The Parent Trap '' .
Your mother is so unattractive that Bigfoot takes pictures of her .
It is either a headstone or a coffin .
A genius can get people to buy into his idea , a stupid person can not .
I do not understand Emo or Screamo .
The relationship is dead on arrival .
I do not know about the children .
No idea , I have tried to watch it and just can not .
The Click Five are great . Their songs are out of this world .
What is your favorite bit in Gilmore Girls ?
Just wondering though , how did that guy stay in one place during the entire film ?
It is because life never works out perfectly .
It is hard to say , but I am thinking either Kevin , Bucky or Melissa because she messed up the lyrics .
No , not funny , but was made to be hated and remembered .
If it is bothering me , I want to hear it .
Of course miracles can happen .
Whether it is country or classic rock , make sure people know the songs or they will think you are weird .
If that is not hard enough , System of a Down rules !
I do not know about the videos , but you can download songs at iTunes.com or Limeware .
I must agree with American Idol .
Not really , we are just not well understood .
I found it and still find it irresistible .
Yes , it is one of my favorite shows .
I love Green Day . I love all the songs , especially `` Boulevard of Broken Dreams . ''
Note : I did not know the Gameboy Micro had a rechargeable battery .
I would have to say Will Farrell .
I am going to take a closer look to my Disney pictures .
He is in She 's the Man .
You can try it because it is free . It will at least get you started .
Why do n't you throw a new life party ?
No , I am not gay either .
I can not find anything on that .
He said , `` If you 're going to play the game , boy , you have to learn toPlay it right . ''
I am watching it right now .
Chuck Norris was in a horror flick in the 1970s or 1980s .
I admit I have new kids on the block like you .
Red Hot Chili Peppers of course .
I say the same as everyone else .
Brad Pitt , Pippin , and Johnny Depp are definitely the hottest men in the world .
Since you asked , I think rap is better .
I am a handsome , dashing , cool person who you can not get .
Flute , because that is what I can play .
It is not great , but it is okay .
I want him and will call him money .
A bad boy because they have everything and are playful .
So you have to buy two packs of buns instead of one .
I still like both bands .
She also just did a spread in King Magazine .
Tyra Banks is my idol . I think she 's pretty , but I heard a rumor that she is pregnant .
I would go out there and kick your butt right now , but I can not swim .
That is a difficult question .
It goes like this .
If so , what is your opinion on it ?
I am crazy about Boulevard of Broken Dreams .
I do not think it is strange at all .
She took on armed guards at a palace in Turkey .
He fired his sister because he can not keep his mouth shut .
Babbie Mitchell played Clara in the first Broadway production . There have been five revivals , see the rest here .
You are going to Saint Ives .
He is a control freak .
However , Journey is completely awesome .
Whenever I think of her , I feel great .
You are correct , I can not answer it .
I guess these days people would rather listen to songs with names like My Humps .
I do not like rap music .
I just need some sick or ill rhymes about anything .
I would have to say Riker and Troi .
They are not , but thank you for your two points .
Hermionie , Tonks , no wait , it is Snape .
I used to watch it until about season four when it got to boring .
Check out this website .
Here we are . What are you going to do ?
I used to be a fan as well .
That sounds like my kind of girl .
Are Bruce Willis and Mickey Rourke the same person ?
Yes , there is one called DOC Watson .
Please let me know when you find out .
I do not understand why anyone likes that movie .
It should be free to download and easy to use with features such as looping , fading and similar features .
However , it can also mean Japanese comic books .
I heard there is going to be a sequel .
I always loved his work and he is an excellent actor .
He did what he said .
Try being nice and talking to her . Do not worry about your signs , they are not always right .
I am adding some new favorites to my collection , why not try Stained 's new one right here waiting ?
I like the man , he is funny and down to earth .
Your mother is so stupid that under Education on her job application , she put Hooked on Phonics .
I am confused , are you looking for someone or one ?
I would love to be her and have a lot of money .
My sister is obsessed with him .
5-7 minutes . No reason I guess . I am doing it pretty fast , am I ?
He is rich and can look like that if he wants .
Do not try to impress her , if she likes you she will come to you .
Rock because you can ryhmn and spit crap , but in rock you ca n't make fun of people .
There should be a category for the best questions .
I have not seen it yet , but I can not wait until it is released on DVD .
It was great and made me cry a lot .
Do n't you cry tonight by Guns 'n ' Roses .
Damn , I think it is impossible to choose just one .
I just go high listerningh to them .
Your mother is so stupid that she thought Boyz II Men was a day care center .
Bambi is my favorite movie of all time .
Of course Simon always disagrees . He is pretty good about his judgements , but he is harsh .
Yes , but they are unknown artists .
I do not know , my head hurts .
I do not know how long ago they broke up .
I love watching my little guy try to act out the things with them .
That was nice how you got him back .
I just did not think that he would jump again .
I do not hate him , but he is weird . I am amazed that this got 33 answer in 50 minutes . Congratulations .
For me , that is exactly what I am looking for . If I were looking .
I even watch the reruns now .
I think Paula was on ecstasy this week .
She was willing to make a complete fool of herself for two whole seasons of Newlyweds .
Although the song is fairly new , it sounds very old school .
At the disco , I write sins not tragedies .
The video killed the radio star by the buggles .
What is the difference between a mosquito and a blonde ?
No , I do not think so .
I think they are overpaid and over-celebrated .
This is the best movie in the world .
I think four people would be better .
Do not worry , you will be back in tune with it in a couple of weeks .
That was me before I had my operation .
There is a blonde driving down the highway .
Eminems is a poser . I pick Get rich or die trying .
Put parental control on or use web site ratings .
You can tell she really cared about her crew .
I love this song very much .
Try searching the internet or looking for bugs .
My favorite bands are The Used and Panic .
Chicken , because God can not lay eggs .
To those of you asking if the asker of this question is gay , who cares ?
It depends on who messes up .
Neither of them . If I had to choose , I would probably choose Mario or Vin Diesel .
What did the left nut say to the right nut ?
It is not a little racist , it is a lot racist .
It goes something like that for the chorus .
It is probably more than that .
Ever wonder why men think and women talk a lot ?
Your mother is so stupid that after you were born she kept you .
The chicken because it had to hatch the egg .
Happy Days was the best .
Her name is not Beyonce or Madonna , so she needs to stop pretending .
I ask people who answered this question , where are your jocks ?
Tell him you hate him and you are finding someone different .
A lady in the street and a freak in bed .
I still never forgave her for that .
It is a great source , just download it .
The word you are looking for is strengths .
When I first got into music , I loved rap .
I never told my parents before , but mentioned it once and they said nothing and did not care .
Yes , but you are going to anyway , so why even ask ?
I used to play flute , but once I started sax , I got hooked .
If you like Family Guy , you should love American Dad .
They play their own music .
We will have a good time .
I would not get a PSP for a child under 13 .
If you want to live and talk and dream about I suggest moving to Japan or China .
I will keep my dirty little secret .
I guess it is the blond from American Idol .
If you can answer that , then it is the same for the egg .
The song was called `` Epic '' . I can not remember the artist , but it is a banging tune .
Hey Mar , that commercial is for Dairy Queen . Just thought I would let you know .
