What if it is a rebound relationship for both of you ?
Good luck in your search for the one .
Why does everyone seem to want someone they can not have and know that they should not want ?
Do you like to argue and fight ?
If you are set on that , that is the way to go .
My ex of three years was unfaithful .
Work at it , but do not let him keep you locked up at home .
Other than those two things , just ask him once in a while .
Men get bored and tire before women do .
She is strong , loving , and most of all , she really was not as happy as she thought she was .
It is one way of saying I do not like you .
King had a song about this . Only your mother loves you , and see might be jiving too .
He loves you , too , girl . Time will tell .
He wants me to change how I look .
I know I have someone to come home to .
Why did you use Google ? I want to have sex , but you have to be careful .
Do you want all of your friends forever ?
It does not mean that you are promiscuous .
Going to a club and dancing .
Do not go anywhere you went with him or her .
They are a lot of fun and there is plenty to do .
It depends on when you are ready .
Stay 100 miles away from this man .
Just be prepared because if it happens once , it can happen again .
I am just looking for the girl who wants that time with me .
At least not until he gets another girlfriend .
My wife says , `` We do not wear that stuff . ''
If you are asking , then you should break up with him and open yourself to other options .
Why do gays want to get married ?
Saying sorry to him without committing a mistake is humilation to yourself , and do not ever get weak .
Why do you have to rush your choice ?
They both do not respect your feelings .
No , seriously , think about how many cocky girls are out there .
She is too afraid to ask him out .
Get a grip , how can you love someone that you do not even communicate with ?
I would ask you out , but I live in Oregon and have no idea where you live .
They have never performed before and it doubles the pleasure .
I will probably go and see one .
Either way , best of luck , but I am just glad that I have brown hair .
Mail me a pick at honorarius @yahoo.com and I will tell you .
It is just a challenge .
I am a girl , so I will help you out .
Do not tell them , but let them find out once you are in bed with her .
If I would have kept my last name , it is just a name .
I hardly ever see him in school either , usually I see my brother 's basketball games .
He is telling that to some girls as well . He is a womanizer .
Drop his butt , there are plenty of fish in the sea of love .
I know because I am just like your wife .
When she calls , text her back .
No way , I am 5'4 '' and he is 6'2 '' .
You do not know the number one rule , trust no one .
We have tried breaking up a couple of times , but it never happens .
Some because they are thin and skinny and nowadays anorexic girls are a turn on .
If you have a penis , then it is no problem . You just have to penetrate her pussy with your penis .
In that case , take some defense classes .
I just got out of a three year relationship with my baby 's father .
What happened when the politician took Viagra ?
Hi , my name is xxxxxx . I have been working for me for years .
Women are complicated .
We like soft approaches and a little bit of chasing .
You would be surprised by the type of people that go to them .
It is very fun and enjoyable , especially when you meet each other after texting for a few months .
Hey , I am in New York and I will help you out if you are around .
Sounds strange , but it worked in about three to five days for me .
Do not worry , I am not working with much either .
Why does it matter what they think ? If they do not get along , do n't spend time together .
If he is , then you have a good man .
If he likes you , you will know .
I suppose it is normal , but I would just move on .
The rest is easy from there .
I like any guy that is funny .
Girl , only you can decide on this .
Why do you ask this question ?
Do not go telling everyone just because you think that is right .
10 years gap is nice .
If he still does not like you , then move on .
I see him every week , but I just can not talk to him .
Because they feel insecure with less educated men .
For one thing , if it does not work out there goes your job .
I hope it does not pass .
Only the ones that are not worth your time .
It is all about looks .
You guys do not have any reason to hate each other .
If you do not , you will always wonder .
Some people choose not to because of their religion , others do not .
Give it a chance , because if you break up with them it would be harder to be friends .
Best of luck to you .
Men who were not ready to commit .
This is a big day in both of your lives , it should not be done quickly and without thought .
I am 55 years old and still live at home with my mother , what is wrong with that ?
One man willing to move 21 hours and 1,400 miles just to be with me .
I must not be ugly enough .
That is okay , I am a giver .
It depends on what women want .
Remember , it takes two not one .
If he really did not like her and did like you , then he would have already dumped her for you .
hang around until the bar closes or visit a prison .
Please do not miss out on this one .
Because believe it or not , women hate cocky men .
But stick with what is inside of you .
Hell , it happened to me twice .
Maybe you are young , I do not know .
No matter what he says , action speaks louder than words .
There is nothing in the world like a big boned woman .
Even if he is rich , do not sell yourself .
I just moved to Sacramento , and I am a 30 year old gay male .
The people who are around you now , like your friends , should like you no matter what .
Because they like the little titis and pussys .
Wait until you are older and if you both still feel the same way , then go for it .
Yes , I am not one of those people , but I know there are many of them .
No , not if you have to ask .
You want to suck another man 's penis ?
They are women and they are not as violent as we are .
Does this mean he likes me ?
Do not worry about him and just focus on school so you can learn and then think about your boyfriend .
I dated one and I know .
Look at the way she walks .
No , at least I hope not .
Hello , I am looking to visit your country .
Should I give him another chance ?
The same guy you want to be in a relationship with ?
I went and there he was .
That is what I called it , but why ?
That way you can still go by your last name .
Both of you work hard to get it right .
I have told her I liked her and she said she would want to ruin our friendship .
You can join a community site with live chat and webcam chat .
Show her your naked baby pictures .
It is very important to last at least 30-45 minutes .
However , I am not telling you to be celibate until then .
If he is flirting with her , then jump on him .
I love curly hair . I like to run my fingers through it .
I want my wife to grow as well .
That is just the way it is .
One girl , who probably would not mind being named , spoke up and said she did not believe in it .
I can just toss him to the side and forget about him like last night 's trash .
He was busy after that .
I do not know what to do because she knows how much I care about him .
If you do eat something like that , then just quit .
It could be that you need to urinate or the last dream you had .
If he wants to wear my pants , he has to ask .
If you were friends before and have stronger feelings now , then it should be okay .
I want to try again .
Figure out what style of arrangements you would like and flowers .
Lie and lie and then lie some more .
Wait until you find out for sure first and then go from there .
If you two are at a dance , he should not really care .
Trust him and do not bring it up again .
Honestly , most girls are just waiting for the guy to tell her how he truly feels .
I would love to meet the ladies .
I actually ponder this one now and again .
I met this guy once , very romantic , I met him in a huge rainstorm .
Some guys like girls like that and some do not .
It comes right after threeplay and before fiveplay .
When I fall in love , I feel stupid .
If you have to ask , then you are not in love .
If you start to feel it coming on , then start the four play again .
I do not understand someone , please give me the answer .
I saved a good $500-600 doing my own flowers and it was no hassle at all .
I just got a divorce and so did he .
I am a boy , but ask a girl about the problems .
Be yourself . That is what girls like , at least most of them .
Follow your heart , it is never wrong .
They bother you all day long .
See if he calls , e-mails or cares .
You can do a civilian arrest .
A spasm in your back usually .
By now , you might love your wife for everything you guys have endured .
Good luck and I hope everything goes well .
Just say `` I love you '' and if you wait to say it back , it tells it all .
Try asking her out again and see what she says .
There is no way to make someone fall in love with you .
Ask her questions , not just talk .
When you first fall in love , you are gitty , goofy , and silly happy just thinking about that person .
Remember that there is more than one .
I think they look better than many nations out there .
We got married all over again .
I do not think it really matters .
I am not going to drive five hours to spend time with her unless I really like her .
How often can you have sex with Pam Anderson ?
I told her that I loved her and truly meant it .
Think about what good it brought about .
The thing is , I am a person that does not like to break others heart .
Give a rose and express your love .
I like thick because I feel cheated with a thin one .
Remember , until death do you part .
We always find a life partner because we attract the opposite side .
What are you talking about ?
If you keep talking to him for another week , he might think he is married to you .
Some women do not want much , just some acknowledgement and sometimes help .
At least that is what it seems like to me .
Do not be afraid to say no .
Dump him , there are always more fish in the sea .
To me , it really does not matter , but a hand full is enough for me .
Choose the one that adores you the most .
You still released at least a thousand .
You go to a bar and get drunk .
Give it some time and thought .
No , you should not leave them , just teach them what to do to please you better .
Bembie hit the nail on the head .
No , you guys kiss when you are ready .
Julesac is funny , but mean .
If you are asking this , you surely have already distanced yourself from her and are still a friend .
Do not forget to choose and vote for the best answer .
Do not try to figure it out , that is just the way it is .
I do not know , but I know of another website that I go to .
It depends on how much you are starting to have feelings for this boy .
He must be a control freak .
It depends on the girl and how interested she is in the guy .
Look , try and get out to meet people .
Usually it is multiple things , not just one thing .
Only if you really like them .
For the guys , do you prefer a bigger woman or a smaller woman ?
If all you do is argue , it is not worth it .
What makes it worse is that I already went out with him for four years .
You just have to be patient and the right girl will come along .
Unless you do not love your husband anymore and you have room for another man ?
My wife because then you can do more without committing a sin .
She definitely wants you to think she is good looking , but she does not want that to be the first reason .
It depends , some days I want to have sex and some day I do not .
They are more passionate in love making .
If you play with both at the same time , she will probably beat you up .
Because he would not work , hit me , used guilt trips , was a big mama 's boy , etc .
Maybe because you are the most beautiful girl they have seen .
It really depends if someone is vain or not .
Someone I can be myself with .
Send me your picture and contact me .
Stay away from this guy friend .
The doctor can not believe it .
Yes , for sure , especially when she throws up .
If not , then do not worry about it .
I could give you some pointers .
If you feel your love is fading , do not just sit there and do nothing .
I will not stay with someone I do not trust .
I only once told a girl that I loved her , and I meant it .
You married him and it was for a reason .
Rip off your shirt and do a Tarzan yell .
Yes , girl down there , do not have sex .
They accept this in their culture .
Always trail ride with a friend .
You did not give us very good information . Do you all live in one house ?
Move on , even if he is attractive , looks are not everything .
The most important thing is to be yourself .
Yes , be disappointed and be mad .
Sorry , I never have felt that way .
I will not like any girl who would make my life difficult .
If he gets them first , you get the popcorn .
Practice and ask if you are doing well .
If you are sure , tell your parents if you have not done it already .
I met mine at a carnival .
Sounds like a rhetorical question .
I believe everyone should keep their own name .
No , but your first kiss should feel like you are in Ivan .
There is nothing but trouble there .
How to make a woman happy ?
Do not do things that can get you hurt .
Of course you will be making more money if you work hard .
Please do not approach her and tell her how good she looks .
I do not think it is a good idea , you are not there for this purpose .
Just go up to her and say , `` Hi , are you single ? ''
I think he would make a great Valentine .
Just be prepared to let her go .
Rather than just sit there and wait until you are a good one .
Just tell them , what are they going to do , slap you ?
Get a massage and get away from it all .
If you really like this guy , smile and make nice talk with him .
Take them both out at the same time .
It happened to me and I am now dating that person .
There are only two points to make friends .
So you might just be over looking the type of men who think the world of you .
Preferably someone who does not hate you .
We tried to move on , but it did not work .
When will people in this messed up world finally realize this ?
I would not bother calling him back .
Try not to hang out with him and find another guy .
Look for another attractive girl so she will be jealous .
In my opinion , you are not a hoe .
Red means love and black means death .
If she likes him , then it is not his fault that she does not like you .
For me , anything after three days and I might start to forget about you .
Find a girl who has talets , she also must be pretty .
There is no one you can trust more than a good friend .
Start the day off with breakfast out , then perhaps a nice walk .
If she says yes , then go pick them up .
If yes , why do I hear that flowers are not going to last ?
It may be that it is interesting for them .
Could it ever be the same ?
It is not that bad , at least not Bella .
Could it be because some men are liars and have big mouths ?
Or you could tell her and have one of those fairy tale romances .
Finally a culture that has it right .
My twin will not talk or listen to me .
If you want to get something you can not get rid of , then go ahead .
I am not thinking about him , but I am having dreams of him .
If you are talking about ten , then I think it would be fine to get a video or computer game .
Go for it and take the chance .
If he can not , then take him to a place where they have slow dances .
I feel this is most beautiful in a family life .
It is your choice not to hate one , I dislike them to say the least .
Never get married without a prenuptial agreement .
Get a life and do not waste mine .
She says you are too good for her ?
Guys come and go , but friends are forever .
It could mean a lot of things .
Yes , it is normal because there are many people who still like some they broke up with .
I would like to see what a black female has to say about this .
I do not know why men do what they do .
If they gave you their phone number , you do not have to wait at all .
They were masters of the universe .
I am in love and do not care who knows it .
Whatever you do , do not try to have both of them at once .
If you really wanted to be with him , you would not be asking .
Remember being friends with someone online is okay , but there are limits .
When my sister kisses someone , she closes her eyes to get ready .
Now me , I would not marry any woman who did not want to change her name , but that is just me .
A small party for the family .
Girls are perverts , they just hide it and act like it around other girls secretly .
I am only in the third grade .
But you do what you want .
Do not do that , it will not work .
If they do not , it is time to move on .
He is everything I ever wanted with the looks , money , etc .
Yes , and it is bad luck to see the bride at the wedding .
No , she is not a liar .
SHUT THE HELL UP AND BE GAY IF YOU WANT TO !
He had his nose pierced .
Yes , I can lift him , he is only 185 .
You need a therapist for that .
Maybe some perverted guys like the young looking Asian girls .
You should see a shrink .
Giving you stupid excuses of the wall and acting the way he did before .
Be strong and hang in there .
No , he is too big and I am too weak .
Basically , if she is so drunk that she becomes a slob or slut , then yes , it is unattractive .
Exchange letters , emails , chat online , talk over the phone , send packages , and keep in touch .
Especially if you do not feel like it .
He dribbles , shoots , and scores two points .
Giving it up just for him to stick around is like selling your soul to the devil .
I can not give you a wife view , but hopefully mine is just as good .
It takes the pressure off of me to ask someone .
Depends on the woman , it is better shaved .
Ask in English terms . I can not understand you .
Hey , I am a man , but I will tell you a little .
I like him a lot and I want to win him over , not push him away .
I really like this guy and I do not know if he likes me back .
By the way , your avatar looks familiar .
It has been over six months and I can not seem to get over it .
Maybe he thinks he will be rejected . Just ask . I would .
You must think about that and that should help you out on seeing if you can trust him .
A picture in the shape of a heart with you and her when you both first dated is special .
I am in college and he is my only source of income until I get out .
Listen , it is not that easy . I got with my ex-boyfriend in 2nd grade , then again in 4th and 8th .
I have been with this girl for eight months and we have not kissed , is this bad ?
Some men do not like breasts at all .
Or that she just wants to see other people ?
He has seen me every day for about four or five years .
There was his stop , so he got off the train .
The worst is that she says no . Take a chance and good luck .
I know exactly what I want in a relationship .
I would flirt and send flowers and candy to myself and then he would ask you out sometime .
I also hate seeing my dad unhappy .
I feel bad because I know that I snore sometime . Most people do , right ?
I like women and need to know if I am in love .
If you guys truly love each other , then you can work out all the fighting , etc .
Because neither of you have the guts to call it quits .
However , that does not mean that big girls can not be cute .
He is getting married this month .
No , but those guys are jerks and you do not want them around .
Say , `` Will you go out with me ? ''
Get married only after you have been with a man for more than two years .
Man has penis and woman has clitoris .
Separate the bad thing and move on .
It would be easier to do if I were mad , though .
If she tells the administration , I will be expelled because it is Pakistan not America .
You should get to know her and sooner or later you will ask her out .
Like I said , he already knows that you like him , so just take a deep breathe and ask him .
Maybe you and I can get together sometime and find love with one another .
I would be , but I am just married .
Play the field a bit now .
As everyone said , do not get married so early .
I just want to know , have you been to the DOC yet ?
Pay attention to what the other person says .
Just talk to your spouse about this .
You are obviously young if you are into sixth graders .
I was thinking about a medium pink color , but with what ?
Ask if they would like to go somewhere with you .
A trip to an amusement park such as a roller coaster or a theatrical museum .
Do men really prefer larger women ?
The problem is that I really like him .
So I would say , they do work out , just not a lot of the times . Hope this helps .
Should I break up with him because of his mother ?
I did this before and my friend was mad that I deleted him .
I do not think I mind either way .
That is her way . You could try it that way or you could just keep your eyes open .
There are some that do , but you should be able to tell .
Are you talking about your avatar ?
I do not remember giving a girl a Christmas gift unless I liked her .
I do not know what to do .
Try to be yourself and do not show off .
Take it day by day , step by step . Think of how he lost a good thing .
If only every man knew what women want , the world would be a much happier place .
Compliments , honesty , and make it about her .
I think they will crash him .
It just means that she is really interested in the guy .
Please do , I think you would get slapped mid-reach or kicked in the groin .
Only now she and I are both divorced .
If he or she wants to see your picture right away , it is sex .
It is better than her giving you a fake number to call .
Tell her to move to Massachusetts .
If you feel this strongly about it , then maybe you should not get married .
From the pictures I have seen , I would say Maui or the Bahamas .
The guy I like is mad at me .
You are thirteen , do not worry about it .
That way you do not have to worry about you calling him too much .
I am a man and let me tell you , we love to chase .
Thanks for the pep in advance .
We always seem to push the ones we love away .
They think that they can control other people 's lives when they ca n't .
That is strange , but maybe I will talk to my friend by his locker .
I do not know , how would you like something crammed up your butt ?
If a guy cares , he calls .
What special gift can I give my brother in law for his birthday ?
He probably does not want to either .
Hold her hands , look into her eyes , and say it , but only if you really love her .
Some men do and some do not .
I really want to know , so please help me out .
The timing just was not right for it with the old guy . You will see .
Generally kind and I will be disappointed if she is stupid .
It is one of the gifts we can always give ourselves .
I do not believe trust has to be earned , because how is that even possible ?
If that is you , you need to stop . That is odd .
Do not let her rule your life , she will just have to learn to deal with it .
I have Yahoo email and it works for me .
I would not worry too much about it .
The trick ass hoe has never had a chance .
When you can fart in front of the one you are dating .
It depends on how old they are .
Any guy who thinks he would is probably not being honest with himself .
If you flirt with him , the challange is not there .
If you need your ex emotionally , then you have some troubles .
20 to 32 . She does not have to be younger than you .
Perhaps she does not love you , but try to use your breasts not your hair .
If you want your girlfriend for the rest of your life , then do not let her know that you desire her forever .
There are many cheap ideas out there , just find what you like and work with it .
If you are worried about doing it performance wise , do not do it .
Find another girl and if that does not work , move back .
Most often ( not always ) that will be guys around your age , give and take .
If you act like that all the time , she might think you are desperate .
Not everyone on here is in school .
Tell him what you really want . That is what they tell me but never got to do . Speak up .
Should I make the first move or should I wait for him to move first ?
What a typical double standard you have set up !
After a while you do not even see the color .
I have not tried it yet , but I am still trying to get up the nerve .
If you two are serious , then asking her that question should not bother her .
Ask her out . What 's up with that ?
Would you like to go out with me sometime ?
Look me up if you are ever in Florida .
Those were good times .
It is all about her , and it should not be something that happens on a first date .
Do you really want to spend the rest of your life with someone you argue with all the time ?
If he comes to his senses , great . If not , then you should break up with him .
You are too good for them .
Jump him because she likes him ?
Depending on the age , CDs or DVDs .
20 years down the road is all you can be so start from the beginning .
I would like to visit the United States of America , what are the needs ?
If anyone has any ideas , tips or general information , please email me back .
You sound like a very lovely person , so do not let some of these women drag you down .
If you do not look , just go out and enjoy yourself and have fun and a girlfriend will come along .
Do not pursue it , he is getting married .
It looks like clear liquid and turns yellow when dry .
If there is a short messaging system in your country , then find a textmate .
Then when she starts closing her eyes , kiss her in the lips and then it is up to you .
Please be honest with me , I can handle the truth .
Have fun and remember to never get so comfortable that you always know what is going to happen next .
It shows how much they care about you .
Tell her that you miss her and you love her .
Coffee , lunch , site seeing , walk/talk/play in the park , museum , movie matinee .
What you want is a hooker , you can find that in any corner of the world .
However , now we do all these things together and I do not know what to do .
Because if it fails , you will be in trouble .
It has been the best thing for at least me .
Try using some of these , but only if they actually apply .
The problem is that he cheated on me recently and it was the worst thing he could have done .
If you are happy then she should be happy , unless he is being bad to you .
We like it when guys do things for us and think about us .
Maybe if you give him space , he will eventually call you back .
Tell him you do not want a real relationship .
If you look creepy and look , they will all think you are leering .
I do not know about love , but he likes you for sure .
If a guy really respects you , then he will understand .
Ask yourself and decide . If you can afford it , do if you want to .
Because he is a superhero , that is the closest to being just a regular guy .
Sometimes the difficulties are worth it if the good outweighs the bad .
I do not think it is wise to date at work .
You need a theory class for that .
Let it take it 's course from there .
What do they think about gay marriage and relationships ?
So of course I had to ask him if he was blowing me off .
Guys will think you are hot no matter what , usually .
However , I do not think that by not having sex with him , he will become unfaithful or leave you .
The safest rules of internet dating are these : chat via email and messenger .
Marriage is really about trusting and communicating .
I had this problem as well .
It depends on what you kissed .
It depends on if you could trust him before .
Make sure you do not make her hate you , just get your point across to her .
Where have you been meeting these Filipinas ?
What if it was just considered love ?
That way , you are not exactly telling them what you specifically do not like about them .
If he is , then go for it .
Then see if she is open for dinner and a movie .
I am sorry , I do not know , and I wish the best of luck to both of you .
However , I find him looking at me every now and then .
This is sin . We ourselves have started this .
Fun includes eating meals .
Make a kind move and if there is no response , you know what to do .
Let him make the first move , if you do it may make you look like you are obsessed with him .
You people have no right to get married .
My tragic love story was that I loved him very much and he loved me too .
You seem desperate and you will never find a partner if you are desperate .
He claims that we are just friends .
Looks do not really matter unless you are trying to prove something .
Once you have sex with him , he is no longer a good friend .
The fact that a guy is so self centered is a huge turn off for me .
Do not rush it , it will feel all your emotions come alive .
Make it a two way traffic until you get them , then you will know which one it is .
So you have one baby out of wedlock .
I know I am overtly picky about people , how can I stop it ?
It hurts a lot . Some girls might say that is it .
I am going to jump that boy , is that the right choice ?
It was a good idea .
If she gets drunk , then it is not a turn off .
Because some women send men tiny messages without saying it clearly .
I would prefer if they left me alone . Sorry , I got off-topic .
Ask her to go do something she is interested in or see a movie she would like .
You are a man . Term used lightly .
Too bad it is not automatic like MSN or AOL .
That is how they will react to it , so it is a bad situation for you and him .
Go back to that person at once before it becomes too late for you .
I want to smack that smile off of her face .
Ask if he wants to dance with you .
Then she might say that looks ugly . I think a color looks better .
Ask him to go see a doctor .
I never went out with him a second time .
First of all , why did you guys break up ?
Why wait ? Go ahead and do it .
As long as he does not mind , who else 's opinion matters ?
I think I am still totally in love with him .
I never wanted to have sex again .
The main thing is to not try to get back at the one who wronged you .
If you have to ask other people , I really do not think you are ready to .
I am a girl , I say those things .
A big savings area is flowers .
Time will tell . Give it six months and see what happens .
Either that or you are the only one he has a chance at getting some booty from .
From your list , I would have to choose Spiderman .
I was cheated on for three of the years .
Not all seniors think freshman girls are easy .
If he says yes , then you can tell him .
And impress her with affection and love .
If you have , what was it like ?
Celebrate Valentine 's Day with joy and fun , give each other gifts and have fun .
Any women besides the ugly guys will look hot .
When I moved in , my neighbor asked me out .
You should probably make a move because he is probably shy .
Just on a much harsher scale as time goes on .
Be yourself and say what is going on and you might get a response .
There are many times that you love the guy , but not sure did he love you as well .
If you are talking about your husband , I would say tools , toys for his vehicle , and sports related things .
That got me really hot , but I ran off .
Me , I will pick up the tab if I can get your vote for the best answer .
What size of breast does the average man like ?
Many women 22 are dating men 27 , so the 22 year old men feel insecure and have to fish downstream .
Lust less like you just go out ?
They probably know you can not hide that , but you should tell your parents .
I will make you a princess on planet Kripton .
My last girlfriend 's boyfriend did that to her before we met , and she still kept him .
My friend has a boyfriend who she talks to online and on the phone .
Do you prefer fake nails or manicured ones ?
Tell her that girls like to hear the truth .
We can spend time together and be the best of friends .
Stay true to your husband , he is the one you said I do to .
Do not listen to these fools .
Yes , I am a man , so I do not really have to pay .
Remember , no bird ever flew on one wing .
Just let her know what you feel .
It depends , if you really love him you will probably think you want to explore it .
Run if you or the other person is married .
No , men do not , but little boys do .
Help me win this debate with her !
My girlfriend is crazy , but I love her anyway .
Simple enough , do like anyone else does . Play with it .
Let him go . If he is meant to be with you , he will come back to you .
After three days of that , my back went out .
Stay alive and get your old life back .
That is why I ask why men never know what they want with any kind of relationship .
Ask him out to lunch or a movie .
Girls do not like guys who are all about themselves .
It depends , do you like either one ?
I was always looking and I kept picking jerks .
No , I feel it is a choice and one does what feels comfortable to them .
Some do , some do not have it in them .
Just do what makes you happy .
No , because for some reason I can not .
It would have to be love .
Try to search for your love , but be careful .
Do not ask her to perform an act for you . Give her the spotlight .
Girls are simply impressed if you can show a little care , respect and honesty to them .
Tell him to leave .
They think it is the only right way .
Good luck and keep it cool .
That said , you need to figure out yourself if you want to stay married to him .
I hate him for it .
Men like this typically become wife beaters if you do not obey them .
First of all , I have four children , so being a homemaker is more work than my job .
No , I have not . I prefer normal-looking guys .
It looks like he has feelings for you and you should show him how you feel .
Everything seems so open and hit and run with most people these days .
I have a problem of unloading all my junk up front and maybe I told this guy too much .
The right date can save money on many things .
If you truly love your man and want to work it out , then tell your ex to respect that .
That only makes her easier to bed .
I do not think you should try it .
Simple , honesty and love and try to be true with them .
I am hoping for at least a 90 % , but realistically I think it is more like 70 or 65 % .
No , but cuddling up with a large woman is one of the best feelings I know of .
Women also expect men to act like that , so why should they grow up ?
There are a couple of ways to get him drunk .
The problem is not if you ask her while at work or not .
Stick with the 13 and 14 year old boys . They are easier to control anyway . Good luck .
You never let a man mistreat you .
I am not a romantic dinner type of girl .
When I left him , I swore I would never get married again .
Pickup lines are tacky . Just be yourself and talk to her a lot . Women like that .
You will be fine , just have fun .
Not all the time , sometimes men shave them , it depends on the woman .
I love him , but I think I am ready to move on and meet new guys .
Wait for another four years .
I hope to see some of it soon .
I do not want to be mean .
You should wait a while before having children .
I would like to have some fun with you , that is why I answered this stupid question .
Try to contact their Q&A team , they will help you through . Have a nice day !
Because women do not put out often .
If he insists , it means he is only after sex .
B ) Looks definitely matter . Anyone saying they do not is probably lying .
Making love is like living a fantasy .
When you are 18 or 20 because when they say something they do not mean it .
When possible , try to make it yourself .
There is always a but , is there not ?
If she is not interested in you anymore .
I seriously doubt that you are in love with that many men .
On average I would say about 45 % at first , but once you get to know the person maybe 15 % .
Play sports with your male friends .
She will tell you if it is not okay .
Do you think women are sexy and beautiful ?
How do I get him to stop nagging me and leave me alone ?
Use a sex toy , that way you can both enjoy it .
Men without hair look like little boys to me , and it is not sexy at all .
I agree , just kiss him and he will respond one way or another .
A good way is to imagine yourself without him or her .
It is not important in America .
If it was before you , then he was not cheating at all , obviously .
How many times have I passed up a great opportunity by worrying about someone saying no ?
Because the white women are taking up all the men .
Your self image is also very important .
Have you ever had a PAP smear ?
How old are you ?
No , but I think they both like me .
It sounds as if you guys are already married .
Yes , Jaime is going to ask Rubi out , but it is not your business .
That is a sign , things like that can make it really obvious .
You should take the time to get to know both of them equally without going out with them .
I would love to hear logical opinions on this .
If you like the guy , then go for it .
Having fun with male friends is okay .
It is natural with that man .
Women take on a lot and sometimes they feel like they do it for nothing .
No , because I am not married yet .
Let me know what you think .
If you are gay , be gay .
Good luck and hang in there .
I like older girls , so I think this is sick and wrong that they can not go out with her .
I am just curious to what everyone thinks .
My last boyfriend and I were driving around a roundabout in another car .
If you do , you will lose your friend over a guy .
It was a casual aside when I said it . I did not think he would remember .
Are you a country girl or a city girl ?
Spend all day together and touch his feet .
I am very bored being single and sitting back watching other girls have all the fun .
Women are curious about sex with other women , even me .
I do not know what you said because I was too lazy to read your typing .
I hate it myself , but I love the straight ones .
This is Doc Izzy and I love and adore larger women .
There are not any words that are going to make it better .
Do it before it is too late .
To tell you the truth , you learn , but you have to actually do it .
Nay Pier is a great place or one of the museums . There are a lot of great restaurants and hotels .
That is a stereotype , and I think I am sexy in my own way .
He will not turn you down .
I hope you read this well .
Many men like large women , most of them are black .
If she is interested , she will call later .
No , you will not because you know he has cheating tendencies .
Ask yourself that , if you know what I mean .
I find if I try really hard I can see things I know are not there normally there .
Let 's get coffee and chat and take it from there .
Just move on with your life and find someone else .
I will bet you are not , but try to email me atilikethickchix @ yahoo.com and I will be honest .
Me and this boy have been going off and on since last year .
I really care for you and I can not stop thinking about you .
It is worth the wait when you are ready .
If you do not know , ask someone who would .
Keep away your fear and tell him .
That is a chance you will have to take .
If you want to be attractive to losers , creeps , and pervs , drink up .
Not for anything but looking at .
After some time passes , I still love him .
It is your own life , as you said .
Even in divorce , I am stuck with it .
Just because he has the potential to be a great boyfriend does not mean he is .
Sure , let me know more about you .
It is when one minute you want to throttle the other person , and the next one wants to jump their bones .
Find the girls that are pretty or have a great personality .
People whose parents take care of them are lazy people .
I do not know what she wants .
It is very complicated . Please tell it again , but in simple .
Show her what you are good at .
If you can imagine him as the father of your children .
If you do not ask , someone else might .
That is why I am single .
If you really love him , you would let him go .
If she does not want to be with you , then be her friend .
If he says he is not , do not believe him .
Let 's get it out of limbo .
I even worked there for awhile and met the man of my dreams .
I have been with my husband for four years and we recently got married in December of 2005 .
Focus on how things are and what would be best for you right now .
You will see that no matter how hurt you are , it is still the simplest reason you smile .
Wow , I did not think Pakistan was that conservative .
I have to stop right away because I am ready to relieve myself .
Whatever you do , do not tell him too soon .
We can not answer if she really means it .
I do not like a guy that does that all the time .
Then you can make an easier decision .
I have had sex with many girls and some where whores .
He dribbles , shoots , and scores two points .
Talk to your best friend and see if it is cool .
Is this a trick question ?
I do not know , can I do anything about it ?
People are husbands and wives for different reasons .
If he does not , then there are too many fish in the sea .
Or do you just want to say that ?
If you are not happy , fix it or leave .
Not all men do , but some do .
I totally agree with Udaman . Good luck girl .
You sound like you like to sell yourself to much .
Your girlfriend will just think you are a jerk .
Sometimes , but you have to observe the one you call your man .
Replaying everything you ever did to me ?
But do not just sit around waiting for the phone to ring .
I dated a guy this past year and he got to a violent point .
Leave it alone . I do not care what she says , she is in enough pain .
How would anyone know if they do not know anything about you ?
Just find one that loves you too .
It never hurts to be flirtatious .
We were hanging out a little .
Do not use pick up lines , that is a turn off .
I love them because I am a man and do not have to ask anyone to the dance .
Girl , there are more guys out there that love thick girls than you think .
The girls that whine that flowers do not last are just ungrateful .
You need to be with that person , you have found your true love .
You should really be her friend .
How do I get my sweetheart to show me he loves me ?
You have to stop talking to him and stop thinking about him .
They never met , but she says they are in love .
Do not do this over the phone , email , etc .
I am not against homosexuals and lesbians . They are the best friends a person can have .
I am a girl and I want to know how to tell if she likes me or not .
Death is like a box full of candy corn .
Just try to make the best of what is to come .
Either you move on with your life or you try to make it work with this person .
She is my love and I can not wait to spend the rest of my life with her .
Because women think with their brains .
I am still in love with my ex and I am mad at my cousin because she likes her .
Only time will tell . Spend time with friends , have fun , and do not worry about it .
That is why I do not get in chat rooms anymore , unless it is to laugh at all the freaks .
This is what I did and it was a big mistake on my part .
I have no idea where to begin .
I can lift or carry my husband .
If she is calling just to talk , then tell her to not call you so often .
That is all I have to say .
You should not be asking this question .
I was also thinking about lime green .
I mean the both of you together .
I have a close girlfriend .
Wanting to be something they are not ?
If you can imagine yourself with him in bed at night .
They like the challenge , I know that is what I love about it .
It depends on the girl . Fair skinned females look extra pale when they have black hair .
I should do that when I am dating next time .
Do not listen to what anyone else tells you to do .
I really like this guy , and I do not know if it is just a crush , or if I love him .
I think the Bomb is easier .
Not always the easiest , but they have been pretty good years .
Do not forget to choose and vote for the best answer .
You tell her why you like her .
Did I turn gay or is it a curiosity thing ?
No , not if you have to ask .
The list could go on and on .
He might enjoy all the waiting , dreaming and teasing .
Do not eat where you take a s*** .
If you would like to chat , please email me at fla_cat_blue @yahoo.com .
When he teases you about the stupid little things .
If you think that he feels the same way about you , why not ?
Well , in my experience , a lot of the time one of them ends up cheating on the other .
They are often worse than men .
I have heard of friends getting married about six months after meeting someone .
I do not know what you mean .
If you want children , then become a homemaker .
What is the worst that could happen ?
Intellect - a woman with brains is just sexy .
His or her intelligence , the way they carry themselves , good looks and activeness .
Sure , and will you pay mine as well ?
I have long black hair and I am proud .
I was not going to let her win .
Chances are , if you like her as a friend , you will enjoy her more .
Just be yourself when you are with her .
Guys think that they are special and only good enough for certain girls .
Find someone you like and say , `` Will you be my Valentine ? ''
Post more questions on Yahoo Answers .
Well , if the one boy picks on you , why like him ?
Brokeback Mountain is a guy , but at least you will be happy .
Size , shape , looks , etc . should not matter at all .
Sex is not the only important thing in life .
You are probably just too good for him anyway .
Do you like him or not ?
Why do n't you ask her if you can kiss her ?
Who can say that country girls feel more sexy ?
Well , I do not know how old you are , which would help .
Just think about what you like and do it back for them , like a tongue massage .
Here is my answer , most guys definitely do not prefer girls that are skin and bone .
Cut your cousin and your ex boyfriend off completely .
Or does his friends point at you when you are with him ?
Yes , it is possible to enjoy giving pleasure more than receiving it .
Now I keep thinking of having sex with a girl .
It depends on if they are brunette or not .
Is she trying to use you ?
You can have a large penis and suck in bed .
Get rid of the ex if you are dating the guy you love right now .
It hurt like hell and I bled .
Cuddling , kissing , fondling and playing with each other 's sex organs before sex .
When he does , explain to him that it was a mistake to break up and want him back .
My boyfriend loves me to death and does not want to give me up .
You are already doing it , so why bother ?
On the hood of my car at a waterfront in a light rain , it was awesome .
I think you are a nice guy and she probably loves you a lot .
Perhaps you are looking too hard , or maybe your looking in the wrong places . Sign up for Yahoo Personals .
Only if you want it to be .
If she does not have a reason , then she is not your friend .
You have to find what is right for you and your partner .
You are definitely not a hoe , do not worry .
Girls do not think it is cool , they think guys who smoke are pathetic because they are killing people .
Do you like Asian food ?
They do not mean to get them pregnant , they just can not keep it in their pants because they are pigs .
I like natural and real girls , I do not like fake looking prissy drama queens .
Take on how the world works and their desire to catch up .
That is too many and selfish . You are just desperate and keep on trying another one , right ?
It is like if you decide to eat chocolate and then moan because you look too fat .
Do you know he loves you ?
My wife forgives me for many things .
First you order one online and the stork brings one to you .
I would say around 3 or 4 .
Imagine that I am that guy and you are my girlfriend .
Give them a chance to discover you .
It is unusual , but not bad .
I still love him , what should I do ?
Do not stay with him for the baby .
Never ignore her , always listen to her . When you do not change , women hate that .
It can be good luck as well if you take it as luck .
It is a man thing , live with it .
Sounds like you are going through a lot right now .
Good luck , but do your homework .
Do not come here , it smells like a trap to me .
Everywhere , just ask any girl passing by .
This woman does not want a bad boy at all .
I need to be happy .
You are so full of it , teasing all these desperate lonely sad sad guys , shame on you .
Sometimes men think they do not need you so bad until you are gone .
I can only say good luck .
You married your husband hopefully because you love him .
I love to express my feelings to the ladies with poems . Has anyone written one for a special someone ?
Why tie yourself to just one man ?
That is if you both agreed on doing this .
It is like saying , `` What 's got to stop me when I have already done it ? ''
He just has to start over and earn your trust again .
I met his father on his side of his family .
When we fall in love , they treat us badly . Why are we there ?
I am one of those who want to wait until I am totally in love with someone .
Try the nice way first , girls hate being ignored .
Keeping secrets only hurts the ones you love .
Some women like big hairy guys , some guys like fat women , and some girls like skinny guys .
Curves , especially if they have big boobs and softness , can not be a soft woman .
Never tell her that she is fat .
You are a mother , act like one .
Others like to think that due to society dictates it , but I say screw society and give me thick .
Give them two months and they will get over you .
Daniel K has never read manga .
It is kind of nice , it is like your dad 's blessing all the way .
I like intelligent , fun and hot girls .
Come to my town and I will be your girl .
This generation is just too stupid .
Yes , time to cash in your chips .
They are always in love .
When I see a Malaysia air ad on television , I go gaga .
It was really nice how he asked me out .
Try talking to her and asking her to hang out as friends and see if it goes somewhere .
This is really hard because there are a lot of temptations out there .
It is not what you can become just because she says so .
The two of you should talk privately and personally . You have to clear each other 's side . Do it now .
Well , the one I liked goes like this .
Do not try to have sex .
Just keep it cool , a little hard to get might help .
If your relationship survives the four seasons , I guess you should be ready .
I married my man anyway and do you know why , besides love ?
Move on and find someone who does not hate you .
You can not , so let 's start talking about it .
Yes , we like flowers , pretty , good smelling ones .
Should I or should I not ?
Those other replies are just cocky , I am more fine .
lime green would be more appropriate for a summer wedding .
If they can not exercise self-control , let them marry .
My boyfriend snores and I have a terrible time sleeping .
May be you think not , but yes !
We have no room for animals like this in our society .
The best way and easiest way is to fly or drive to Las Vegas and get married there .
His answer is good enough for me .
No single man can give you what you really want .
If he does not start acting right , then leave him .
If you are attractive , show him your breasts .
A lot of guys like that , just looking for sex .
I mess up often , but she does not forget .
Wait for him to ask you out unless you are really desperate .
You are asking if I like you .
Whatever you decide , make it completely yours .
Her parents can not fix it . Her friends , maybe you can talk to them nicely , but please specify why .
How drunk is this girl getting ?
Women love men with a positive self image .
I am doing this for the points .
If you do not know anything about each other , you can not connect .
If you do , then I would say it was a real and worth realtionship . Good luck .
If you are used to it and you like it , then go with it .
Because it is buy one take one .
Does he always just happen to be staring ?
It sounds like a con , but women like it .
You just have met the dumb ones out there that think skinny is better .
However , I always believed in the fact that there is a huge difference between having sex and making love .
You just have to make yourself walk away .
In my case , I think 80 % .
 leaning in and giving me a soft kiss on the forehead .
I can not see my life without my husband .
I do , much prettier and smooth as silk .
Flowers are nice even if they do not last .
It sounds like he is having too much fun while you are away .
Why do you not leave the girl alone ?
Maybe you should try dating girls if guys offend you so much .
I also have not a single girlfriend .
Just remember , go for guys who are themselves and only themselves .
They feel that they are better than women , but that is wrong .
That does not mean you should let them in .
It is always in the back of my mind .
Does she have other friends to talk to on the phone ?
Getting married and having a child can wait , but studies can not .
You need to do this a few times .
Most teen boys prefer girls that like sex .
Do not look back and enjoy the friends you have .
No good or bad is your personal belief on something .
I do not know what I should do .
Yes , it is a sick habit .
Wait until you are 25 . You would not lose your charm by then .
My best friend hates my boyfriend and wants me to break up with him , but I will not .
RELAX AND BE REAL , THAT IS WHAT WE LIKE .
I do not think so , maybe they should try taking our last names .
You both should pick either his or yours once you have kids .
Of course he wants to go on .
I would choose domestic goddess .
Ask her out after class again .
Life is too short , live it to the fullest and have faith .
I am a man and I feel the same way .
If you like him that much , call him .
Start with a basic everyday question and go from there .
Tell more people than I did .
All my friends want to do is kiss .
Also , actual kissing and asking if you are a good kisser .
We will not regret it . At your service anytime .
You need to add it back just like the first time .
You can share this with your mother or father .
And do not fall for the alcoholic only on weekends .
Unless you know him fairly well , you put yourself out there to get hurt .
I prefer A and B cups myself .
Be her friend first and see where it goes .
Do not even listen to what people say , just watch how they act .
Why do you feel that way ?
If a man asks you , do not be afraid to say no .
Obviously she does not want you if you know she likes the other boy .
There are many things that make a woman not like sex .
Not all guys get bored and move on .
However , there is no better person to marry someday than your best friend .
Depending on what you are looking for , friendship only .
I did this with my current boyfriend .
But it does not mean you can not love another .
Just divorce that man , he has no honour and does not love you .
Basically , men just want to have girlfriend for free sex .
If nothing works , you have to ask him for it again .
It is your personality , keep to it , whether a guy goes out with you should not determine how you act .
You have to search yourself for this one .
If the man is worthy enough , you will not need to .
I am confused . I hate the girl to be like that . What should I do ?
Shop around for invitations and everything else .
He then asked me , `` Can I come with you ? ''
Just go with your feelings . If you like her so much , then go for it .
So I am only myself around men I do not like , and you know the outcome .
I hope you find a nice girl .
I have liked this since I was in ninth grade .
To all my fellow girls at Cone , a big hello and hug .
If they like him , then there is a problem .
If going to a movie is special for the two of you , then do that .
It just sounds like you wear the pants .
Have you told her that it is irritating with her having to check up on you everyday ?
For the same reason thin girls prefer slender men .
He handed me his cellphone and had me put in my phone number .
Go to Hawaii or pay someone .
I do not understand why people think it is wrong .
Keep searching for a believer in romance , she is out there .
If you plan on cheating on your wife , you need to be shot .
Look , he already knows that you like him , and has he said anything bad about it ?
You will know if you confront him and ask him .
It is more of a trust issue , I would say .
Never stop trying to impress her .
No , you are punished with no television for a month .
I think this is better than the one on top of me .
However , that did not bother me because we were just friends .
Go to school . You can still come home or call your family and friends .
Wow , go with the one that picks on you because nine times out of ten he likes you .
I always felt the same way , but I met my true love and my views changed .
Do you take baths and know how to speak ?
I like him and he says things like , `` If I were not dating , I would go out with you ? ''
Just get rid of him and you will be better off .
The one time in your life to really live out the true fantasy of love .
People asked me , `` What is the hurry ? ''
Has he just dumped a girl and left before ?
Needless to say , I am 36 now and still in therapy around it .
Do not be one of those controlling baby mamas .
Did you ever think of that ?
It has been half a year , is it normal to still like him ?
Look for a man that is attractive .
It is very sweet and just what you are looking for .
Is there a reason that you are not with the baby 's father ?
You are wasting your health because girls hate it .
Anything larger than a handful is a waste , probably a size C or D .
I myself think that they do .
Stop trying to slap it in everyone 's face .
You should probably be looking in a public place where you are most comfortable .
A man asked me , `` Do you mind if we cuddle ? ''
Ask about the score of the last game .
Because some couples never get to that comfortable boring stage .
I always say that you should not do things if you will regret them later .
Even the day after would be okay .
All you are missing is a million dollar smile .
I understand Fountain , the same thing happened to me .
I do not really like girls that much .
Be nice and give eye contact and smile a lot . I hope this helps .
I would wonder why he shaved them , but in the end , they are his legs .
Best of luck to you both .
This is just what I have experienced many times .
I will go with anything natural rather than fake . I even hate the word fake !
No , 10 years younger , who wants an older woman ?
Ask your best friend if it would be okay .
Many people will tell you no .
Downtown Houston just about any weekend . Lots of clubs .
Who said women do not feel anything ?
Do not start with her looks .
If they have moved on , then you should too .
Flirt with him and see how he responds .
I am waiting until I am married , but when is it too far ?
There is nothing wrong with her taking your number .
You do not have to be overly happy and hyperactive .
I do not want to randomly go up and say , `` Go out with me ? ''
Then comes the fun part , he making it up to you .
If you give at least five minutes for kissing and hugging and may be some licking as well .
I can not help any more unless I have more information .
Because I say no to avatars .
Some girls prefer gifts that will last .
He is probably wondering if you are interested in him at all . Flirt back .
I feel goofy , dorky , and happy .
If you are a hoe , then he is one as well , but I personally do not think your one .
There are some guys that only say the L word if they mean it .
I do not need a trophy girl , I want a companion .
As a man , let me say this .
Listen to what she has to say , be confident , and always believe in yourself .
Then he said , `` Do you want some of my chapstick ? ''
There is no wrong or right way to kiss anyone .
Because we love them , it is not until later when we think about it that we realize what we have done .
I would not know . I have the same issue .
What was the mistake you made ?
It is like breaking a drug habit .
Tell him , and it would not seem psycho because you have known each other for a long time .
That girl answered for me .
What about blue and green ?
A life of your own , a life you have been missing out on .
I think you are right , it is confusing .
You do not have to ask her out to go out with her .
Maybe he will call you .
Tell her , but be as polite as possible .
In a park when I was 16 , I lost my virginity .
What man does not like large breasts ?
You should be proud of yourself .
Yes , men work and fix things , but what else can you do ?
We do not know what you look like .
If you could have four qualities in your woman , what would they be ?
Look in the internet , you will find many things for the wedding or your local newspaper or news .
If she sits on your best friend 's lap because she is drunk , then yes , it is a turn off .
See my boyfriend on my 360 ?
You will find a man who really deserves you one day .
You and that sexy perfume you wear .
If he is not and you are still not ready , then break up with him .
Why do they want it state sanctioned ?
She still lets me play with my trucks and watch cartoons .
Move on , but you can still love him .
See if he is willing to go out the way for you .
If anyone knows , please let me know .
I never knew life could be so good .
He said that he would call me back .
Pick the one you like the most .
Take it off the pop up block .
If you truly love him , you will tell him .
Who knows , but I would absolutely love that to be done with me .
What should I do to get her ?
Dude , you have to suck it up and introduce yourself .
There are movies that I have not seen yet .
I think it depends on age and upbringing .
That will be just sex .
My boyfriend was definitely my friend first and it is total bliss .
Who cares what anyone else thinks ?
Try getting some blonde highlights .
Just let it all out . I use art a lot to vent problems that I have .
If she likes music , make a special CD or tape .
It could be . Choose one and why ?
Do not worry what people will say .
I think a lot of girls like getting flowers .
I can not explain it and no , it has nothing to do with them looking young , vulnerable or submissive .
Let him go , or date his brother .
Yes , there are , you just have to look .
You can get them in Staples for $ 35 .
Your child is going to have a hard enough time growing up without a father .
My friend says I am too nice and I should tell them no .
My girlfriend always says she loves me when we are passing notes during class , but she does not say it confrontationally .
The right relationship happened on its own .
You will look foolish .
If you like him , then stay with him .
I think you should be yourself , have self esteem and self-confidence .
Anything that is not nailed down .
Make it your top priority to see her if you really want to be with her that bad .
One of my best friends had a thing with my big sister a few months ago .
Should I just forget it and move on ?
There friends on the other hand , that is a different story .
Yes , I think anyone does .
My cousin met up with a strange old perv that she met online .
None come in my list , so I choose my neighbor 's wife .
I have long black hair and I love it . My husband loves it too .
If you care for your family , they will love you .
Ugly or fat guys just take what they can get .
In the middle of the river while there were people watching it was actually pretty funny .
It is all in the eye contact .
It depends on the man , some men do and some do not .
It gives us an idea that you may not have strong guts .
If you love him and he really loves you , he may want to disappoint his father .
Yes , some men get right down to it with absolutely no thought for the woman .
Perhaps she is not a beeeatch and the skinny chick was .
It does sound a little girlie .
If you want to enjoy a bit , why not check out some restaurants , night clubs , gyms , etc .
There are plenty of good women left , you just have to look in the right place .
Hey , everyone has to separate one day or another .
You win some and you lose some , take it with a grain of salt and be more careful next time .
Happy birthday to you .
I just need someone to help me figure this out .
Pick the one with better treatment towards you .
I am into a sixth grade boy as well .
If you end it , he might not be your friend . That is why I do not go with friends .
stick yourself out there more , you have to do far more than eye contact .
Do what is best for you and him .
Bad teeth , bad breath , and bad bo .
No one needs to know that .
If I am to ask , I will end the relationship and move on with my life .
Hey , do not get me wrong .
I asked him if he still liked me and he said yes , but he did not act like it .
Where am I going with this ?
Just keep getting her younger and younger guys . As one gets old , get a new one for her .
You know that is if you did not play the guilt trip .
That does not make it right , it makes us human .
It is a mistake that can not be undone .
Practice unwrapping starburst with your tongue , and tying cherry stems with you tongue .
You catch her looking at you ?
I know three men that I can probably get away with doing something like that .
Ask her out or tell her you like or admire her .
If he is going to be an on and off guy like that , I say dump him for good .
If they do not , then you will have to move on with your life .
I have never been to it .
You should complement her , ask her name , and act like you are the smoothest guy ever .
She calls him all the time .
How should I approach her and be more than just another guy hitting on her ?
Wait a little while , then date guys that way you enjoy it more .
Someone who is never `` bitchy '' just because she thinks it is cool . It is not .
Because you do not have any decision power what to do .
I know . Why should I hide it ?
Some men do not like to dance .
She is not your friend because she will not stop bugging you .
I wish I had listened to my friends .
After how much time can you conclude that it takes too long and she is not really interested ?
Why do I want to be in love ?
Why do they want to be married ?
No brainer . Oh , and a nice picture of George Clooney on your profile .
Some women can not seem to find men their own age attractive .
Some do , but I would rather have a pair that were not too big .
It sounds like you are both comfortable with things just the way they are .
It is so sexy and it looks very nice on most girls .
Sometimes it is better to be very good friends first and make sure you are happy around each other .
Anyway , my question is , will I always feel that way ?
Listen to Faith Hill 's song Love Ain't Like That , it is a great example .
Do not ask that question if you do not want your feelings hurt .
The girlfriend should accept that if she loves you .
I think it is very attractive when a man shaves his legs .
If you guys still keep in touch , I do not think that is the best thing to do .
I like this boy Austin and I told my friend Claudia to ask him if he likes me .
You are killing the romance by asking that stupid question . Have you ever thought of having fun together instead ?
He is a player . No good , trust me .
It depends , they all like different people , but not self-enterd freaks like you .
I think that is fantastic , maybe you should make the first move .
If he does not like you , he is not worth it .
Well , just go up to her .
It is a good idea to always be honest . Not many guys I know do not like being told they are hot .
They know the women will not chase them like good looking or wealthy men who get tons of chicks .
Just face him and say , `` Hey , would you like to see a movie ? ''
That is why they call it making love .
Smile to him once in a while and he will know .
Most girls are polite and will answer it .
I would . You sound a lot like my best friend .
Say hello . When are you taking me to dinner ?
It really depends on the guy , but I think most guys seriously do not care .
If you want it to work out , it will .
If he does not want to dance , then give it up .
But you know what , I feel the guy should make the first move .
Without having a boyfriend would be a bit slutty .
Take it from a military girl , wait !
You never know , women only show emotion when they want something .
I am 49 years of age and looking for a beautiful woman to spend my time with .
What do you mean seem more sexy ?
Go to deleted items and it should be there .
This is a red flag of how this guy is . I wonder .
It may be because your name is freakgirl , but if you show your face maybe not , no hard feelings .
That would be very painful . Trust me , I have been there and done that .
Do you love her in depth ?
Have fun in jail asking that question to your cell mate .
No , the only time you see a man emotional is when he is with his lady love .
Yes , I have done it and it was a lot of fun .
You must let the person you are with know what you want .
Of course , if she calls five times a day about that , then it would be crazy .
Hang in there for one that appreciates you .
My mom books them all of the time . Pat @alanatvl.com
Besides , do you not think he has enough to worry about ?
I have been dating a man who is younger than me .
Men play at love in order to have sex , women use sex to get love .
It has to get played out after a while .
Everybody likes to be told that they are attractive , even if they do not admit it .
Yes , but it depends on the man .
Mabey because you think they look sexy when they are running on the field .
You are too young to be talking about kissing already .
I probably will tell her soon because she is my best friend . Any help would be nice .
I agree with the other person , before anyone gets hurt .
I am ready to move on , but I love him way too much .
Go out and do everything you could not do when you were with him or her .
Obviously , men are not much better .
What if you tell him that you just want to be friends with benefits ?
Play a truth or dare game together .
He sounds like a manipulative jerk .
Slow down the pace , maybe , fourplay .
Death is like a big black bag full of crack , smack , or meth .
Where do you live ?
No , you will not . I was married to a complete arsehole .
It sounds like you really love her , no need to forget her .
You should tell him that you are only interested in being friends and are disappointed that he would act so dumb .
It always finds a way to get out in the open , just do not do it .
What is with chest hair ?
As for now , I think he is mad , hurt , upset and got over you .
Give your brother some money and tell him to leave you alone .
No offense , but it sounds like a girls name .
Be cool and ask her out .
After you take her out , get to know her some and then go for the kill , ask her on a date .
People do not like to be played around with .
Practice to unrap starburst wrappers with your tongue , the girls love it .
I do not know . I just want the points .
That is not exactly true , it is just that most girls are discreet about it .
That depends on whether or not you are attractive .
I told him it was too late . Other than that , I would not have minded getting flowers sometimes .
Believe in is a strange way to put it .
Why can men and boys never say the word love ?
Just enjoy the age you are and do not worry about all this .
Even though I am 19 , I like anything up to 30 .
I had a friend in the same situation .
Girls are just as perverted , trust me .
You should not go out with a guy because you need to .
What you are saying is that she does not want to be more than a boyfriend and girlfriend ?
Is it usually about a year before both people begin to feel comfortable in that comfortable , boring stage ?
Probably because I knew all the girlfriends were not really the one until I met my wife .
As long as you do not base your relationship on sex , it is okay .
Why would some men do that ?
If you are the average guy , breast size should not matter .
Stay away from guys who can not say I like you .
Ask for permission and watch how fast she will slap you .
My husband likes me for me .
My mom also has cancer and this hits too close to home for me .
Then be your best self . If he is impressed or likes you , he will talk back .
You do not want anyone else but that person .
Why do n't you try chatting or seeing other guys just to catch his reaction ?
It is okay to kiss on the first date .
Guys have a problem with secrets .
I had someone get nasty with me because I was still dating .
How do I kiss him ?
I am the maid of honor for my only sister and I want it to be perfect .
Unless it is with the wrong man .
