And so what if it is a rebound relationship for both of you?
I wish you the best of luck in your search for the one!
Why is it that everyone seems to want someone that they can not have and know they should not want?
Do you like to argue and fight?
So, if you are set on that, then that is the way to go.
My ex-boyfriend of three years was unfaithful.
You should work on it, but do not let him keep you locked up at home.
Other than those two things, you should just ask him once in a while.
Also, men get bored and tire much faster than women do.
She is strong and loving, but most of all, she was not as happy as she thought.
It is one way of saying that I do not like you.
King had a song about this called "Only your Mother Loves You" and "See Might Be Jiving" as well.
He loves you, too, girl. Time will tell.
He wants me to change the way I look.
I know that I have someone to come home to when I get home.
Did you search "I want to have sex, but you have to be careful" on Google?
Do you want all of your friends to be with you for the rest of time?
It does not mean that you are promiscuous.
I am going to a club and dancing.
Do not go anywhere that you went with him or her.
They are a lot of fun, and there is plenty of things to do.
It all depends on when you are ready to do it.
You should stay 100 miles away from this man.
Be prepared because if it happens once, it can happen again.
I am just looking for a girl who wants to spend time with me.
At the very least, not until he finds a new girlfriend.
The wife says, "We don't wear that stuff."
If you are asking, then you should end the relationship with him and open yourself up to other options.
What is the reason that homosexuals want to get married?
Saying sorry to him without committing a mistake is a humilation to yourself, and do not ever become weak.
Do you have to hurry up and make your choice?
They both do not respect the way you feel.
No, seriously, think about how many cocky girls are out there.
She is too afraid to ask him out on a date.
Get a grip, how can you love someone that you do not even communicate with?
I would ask you out, but I live in Oregon, and I have no idea where you live.
They have never performed before and it doubles the quality of the performance.
I will probably go and see one.
Either way, I wish you the best of luck, but I am just glad that I have brown hair!
Send me an e-mail at pick honorarius@yahoo.com and I will tell you the answer if you send it to me.
It is simply a challenge.
Well, I am a girl so I will help you out.
Do not tell them, but let them find out once you are in bed with her.
If I had kept my last name, it would have been just a name.
I hardly ever see him in school either. Usually, he is at my brother's basketball games.
He is telling that to other women as well, he is a womanizer.
Break up with him, there are plenty of other men out there that are interested in you.
I know because I am just like your wife.
When she calls you, send her a text back.
No way, I am five feet four inches and he is six feet two inches tall.
Do you not know that the number one rule is to trust no one?
We have tried to end our relationship a couple of times, but it has never happened.
Oh, and some because they are thin and skinny and nowadays anorexic girls are a turn on.
If you have a penis, then it is no problem.  You just have to pleasure her with your erect penis.
You should take some defense classes if that is what you would like to do in that case.
I just got out of a three year relationship with the father of my baby.
What happened when the politician took Viagra?
Hi, my name is Xxxxxx.  I have been working for me for years.
I am able to say that women are complicated.
We like a soft approach and a little bit of chasing.
You would definitely be surprised by the type of people that go to them.
It is very fun and enjoyable, especially when you meet each other after only texting for a few months.
Hello, I am in New York City and I will help you out if you need it.
It sounds strange, but it worked in about three to five days for me.
Do not worry, I am not working with much either.
Why does it matter what they think?  If they do not get along, then they should not spend time together.
If that is the case, then you have a good man.
If he is interested in you, then you will know.
I guess it is normal, but I would just move on with my life.
The rest is easy from there.
I am attracted to any man that is funny.
Girl, you are the only one who can make a decision on this.
What is the reason you are asking this question?
Do not go telling everyone just because you think that is the right thing to do.
It is nice to have a ten year gap.
Then, if he still does not like you, then you should move on.
I see him every week in PSR, but I just can not talk to him.
It is because they feel insecure with men who are less educated than they are with educated men.
For one thing, if it does not work out, you will lose your job.
I hope to God that it does not ever pass.
Only the ones that are not worth your time.
It is small, of course, and it is all about how it looks.
You guys do not have any reason to hate each other.
If you do not do it, you will always wonder about it.
Some people choose not to do so because of their religion, while others do not.
You should give it a chance, because if you break up with them, it would be harder to be friends.
I wish you the best of luck in your future endeavors.
Guys who were not ready to commit to a relationship.
This is a big day in both of your lives, so it should not be done quickly and without thought.
I am 55 years old and I still live at home with my mother. What is wrong with that?
There is one man who is willing to move 21 hours and 1,400 miles just to be with me.
I must not be as unattractive as I am.
That is okay. I am a giver. Wink, wink.
Well, it will depend on what women want.
Remember, it takes two to have a successful relationship, not just one.
If he really did not like her and he did like you, then he would have already ended the relationship with her for you.
Hang around untill the bar closes, or visit a prison.
Please do not miss out on this one.
It is because, believe it or not, women hate cocky men.
However, stay with what is inside of you.
Hell, it happened to me two times.
Perhaps you are young, but I do not know.
It does not matter what he says, action speaks louder than words.
There is not anything in the world like a big boned girl.
Even if he is rich, do not sell yourself.
I am a gay male, thirty years old, who just moved to Sacramento.
The people who are around you now, such as your friends, should like you regardless of what you do.
It is because they like the small breasts and buttocks.
Wait until you are older, and if you both still feel the same way, then go for it.
Yes, I am not one of those people, but I know that there are a lot of them.
No, not if you have to ask.
You would like to have sex with another man's penis?
It is because they are men, not women, and are not as frivolous as we are.
Does this mean that he is interested in me?
Do not concern yourself with him and concentrate on school so that you can focus on your boyfriend and not worry about him.
I know because I dated one of them.
Take a look at the way she walks.
No, at the very least, I hope that is not the case.
Hello, I am looking to visit your country.
Overtime, should I give him another chance?
The same man with whom you would like to be in a relationship?
I went there and there he was.
That is what I called it, but I do not understand why you would call it that.
That way, you can still go by your last name.
Both of you work hard to get it right.
I have told her that I am interested in her and she said that she would not want to ruin our friendship.
You can join a community site with live chat and webcam chat.
You should show her your naked pictures of your baby.
It is very important for it to last at least 30-45 minutes.
However, I am not telling you to be celibate until then.
If he is flirting with her, it is okay to jump him if that is what she is doing.
I love curly hair, and I like to run my fingers through it.
I would like my wife to grow as well.
Well, that is just the way it is, I guess.
One girl named Michelle, who probably would not mind being named, spoke up and said that she did not believe in it.
I can just toss him to the side and forget about him, just like last night's trash.
But he was a little busy after that.
I do not know what to do because she is aware of how much I care about him.
If you do eat something like that, then you should just stop.
It could be that you need to use the restroom, or the last dream you had.
You know, if he wants to wear my pants, all he has to do is ask, sheesh!
If you were friends before, and have stronger feelings now, then it should be okay.
I would like to try it again.
You should figure out what style of arrangements you would like and flowers.
You are lying.
Wait until you find out for sure, and then take it from there.
If the two of you are at a dance, then he should not really care.
You should trust him and do not bring it up again.
Honestly, most girls are just waiting for the guy to tell her how he truly feels.
Yes, I would love to meet the girls.
I actually ponder this one every now and then.
I once met a man who was very romantic. I met him in a huge rainstorm.
Okay, now some guys like girls like that, and some don't.
It comes right after the third play and before the fifth play.
When I fall in love, I do not feel very intelligent.
If you have to ask that, then you are not in love.
If you start to feel it coming on, then you should start the four play again.
I do not understand someone, could you please give me the answer?
I saved a good $500-600 by doing my own flowers and it was no hassle at all.
I just got a divorce with him, and so did he.
You should ask a girl about the problems because I am a boy.
You should show a little bit of yourself, that is what girls like, at least most of them, but mostly just be yourself.
You should follow your heart, it is never wrong.
They bother you all day long.
See if he calls, e-mails, or even cares.
You can make a civilian arrest if you would like.
It is usually a spasm in your back.
By now, you might love your wife for everything that you guys have endured.
I wish you good luck and I hope everything goes well.
Say, "I love you," and if you wait to say it back, it tells it all.
You should try asking her out again and see what she says.
There is no way to make someone fall in love with you.
Ask her questions and do not just talk to her.
When you first fall in love, you are gitty, goofy, and silly and happy just thinking about that person.
Do not forget that there is more than one.
I think they look better than a whole lot of other nations out there.
We got married all over again.
All in all, I do not think that it really matters.
I am not going to drive five hours just to spend time with her if I do not like her very much.
How often is it possible for you to have sex with Pam Anderson?
I told her that I loved her, and I truly meant it.
You should think about what good it brought about.
The thing is, I am a person that does not like to break other people's hearts.
You should give a rose and express your love by giving it to the person.
I like a thick one because I feel cheated with a thin one.
Please remember, "Till death do you part."
It is because we always find a life partner after we attract the opposite side of the spectrum.
I do not understand what you are talking about.
If you continue to talk to him for another week, he might think that he is married to you.
Women do not want much, just some attention and sometimes help.
At the very least, that is what it seems to be like to me.
Do not be afraid to say "no."
You should end the relationship with him. There are always more fish in the sea.
In my opinion, it really does not matter, but a hand full is quite enough for me.
Choose the one that adores you the most.
You still released at least a thousand.
You go to a bar and become inebriated.
You should give it some time and thought.
No, you should not leave them, just teach them what to do to please you better.
Bembie hit the nail on the head with his point.
No, you guys should kiss when you are ready.
Julesac is funny, but he is mean as well.
If you are asking this, then you surely have already distanced yourself from her and are still remaining a friend.
Do not forget to choose and vote for the best answer.
Do not try to figure it out, that is just the way it is.
I do not know. However, I know of another website that I go to.
Okay, it depends on how much you are starting to have feelings for this boy.
He must be a control freak.
It all depends on the girl or the guy, and how interested she is in him.
Look, try to get out and meet new people.
Usually, it is multiple things, not just one thing.
If you really like them, then you should pursue them.
For the guys: (A) Do you prefer a bigger woman or a smaller woman?
If all you do is argue, then it is not worth it.
What makes it worse is that I have been in a relationship with him for four years.
You just have to be patient, and the right girl will come along.
Unless you do not love your husband anymore, and you have room for another man?
You can do more without committing a sin if you are married to your wife.
She definitely wants you to think that she is good looking, but she does not want that to be her first reason for being with you.
It depends on the day. Some days I want to have sex, and some days, I do not.
In addition, they are more passionate when it comes to love making.
If you play with both of them at the same time, she will probably have sex with you.
It is because he would not work, hit me, used guilt trips, was a big mama's boy, etc.
Perhaps it is because you are the most beautiful girl they have ever seen.
It really depends on whether a person is vain or not.
I would like to be with someone with whom I can be myself.
Send your picture to me and let me know when you can contact me.
You should stay away from this guy friend.
The doctor has a hard time believing it.
Yes, definitely, especially when she vomits.
If not, then do not concern yourself with it.
I could give you some pointers if you would like.
If you feel that your love is diminishing, do not just sit there and do nothing.
I will not remain in a relationship with someone I do not trust.
I only once told a girl that I loved her, and I meant it.
You married him, and it was for a reason.
Rip off your shirt and yell in a manner similar to Tarzan.
Yes, young lady down there, please do not have sex.
They accept this because it is a part of their culture.
You should always go on a trail ride with a friend.
You did not give us very good information, such as, do you all live in one house?
Move on.  It doesn't matter if he is attractive, looks are not everything.
That is the most important thing to do, just be yourself.
Yes, you should be disappointed and angry.
I apologize, I have never felt that way.
I certainly will not like any girl who would make my life difficult.
Or, if he gets them first, you get the popcorn.
You should practice and ask if you are doing well.
If you are sure, then tell your parents if you have not done so already.
Well, I met mine at a carnival.
It sounds as though it is a rhetorical question.
I do believe that everyone should keep their own name.
However, your first kiss should feel like you are in a foreign country.
There is nothing but trouble in that location.
How do you make a woman happy? To make her happy, you should do what makes you happy as well.
Do not do things that can cause you to get hurt.
I mean, of course you will be making more money if you work hard enough.
Please, do not go up to her and tell her how good she looks.
I do not think it is a good idea.  You are not there for this purpose.
Go up to her and say, "Hi, are you single?"
I think he would make a great Valentine's Day gift.
Just be prepared to let her go.
Rather than just sit there and wait until you are a good one.
Simply tell them, "What are they going to do, slap you?"
I suggest you get a massage and get away from it all.
Well, if you really like this guy, smile and make a nice talk with him.
You should take them both out at the same time.
It happened to me, and I am now dating that person.
There are only two points to make friends. One.
So you might just be over looking the type of men who think the world of you.
I would prefer to be with someone who does not hate you.
We tried to move on, but it did not work out.
When will people in this messed up world finally realize what they have done?
I wouldn't bother calling him back.
Try not to spend time with him, and find another man.
Look for another attractive woman, so she will be jealous.
In my opinion, you are not a promiscuous woman.
Red means love, black means death, and so on.
If she likes him, then she does not like you. You should break up with her. It is not his fault that she is disloyal to him.
For me, anything after three days and I might start to forget about you.
Find a girl who has talets. She also must be pretty.
There is no one you can trust more than a good friend.
You should start the day off with breakfast out, and then perhaps a nice walk.
If she says yes, then you should go pick them up.
If the answer is yes, why do I hear some girl say flowers are not going to last?
It may be that it is interesting for them.
Is it possible for it to ever be the same?
It's not that bad, at least it is not as bad as Bella.
Could it be because some men are liars and have large mouths?
Or, you could tell her and have one of those fairy tale romances.
There is finally a culture that has it right.
My twin will not speak or listen to me.
If you want to get something you can not get rid of, then go ahead and get it.
I am having dreams about him, but I am not thinking of him at the same time.
If you are talking about ten, then I think it would be fine to get a video or computer game.
You should go for it and take the chance.
If he is unable to, then take him to a place where they have slowdances. Perhaps a dinner date?
I feel that this is the most beautiful aspect of a family life.
It is your choice not to hate one.  I dislike them, to say the least.
You should never get married without a prenuptial agreement.
You should get a life and do not waste mine.
She says you are too good for her?
Guys come and go, but friends are forever.
It could probably mean a lot of things.
Yes, it is normal because there are a lot of people who still like some of the people with whom they have been in a relationship.
I would like to hear what a black female has to say about this.
Guys are stupid and I don't know why they do what they are doing.
Well, if they gave you their phone number, then you do not have to wait at all.
It is because they are the masters of the universe.
I am in love with Buddy the Elf, and I do not care who knows it.
No matter what you do, do not try to have both of them at the same time.
If you really wanted to be with him, then you would not be asking.
Remember, being friends with someone online is okay, but there are limits.
When my sister kisses someone, she closes her eyes to prepare for it.
As for me, I would not marry any woman who did not want to change her name, but that is just my opinion.
It is just a small party for the family.
Girls are perverts, they just hide it and act like it when they are around other girls secretly.
I am only in my thirteenth grade, like you.
However, you do what you want.
Do not do that, it will not work.
If they do not, it is time to move on with your life.
He has everything that I have ever wanted with his looks, money, and other things.
Yes, and it is bad luck to see the bride at the wedding.
No, she is not a liar.
Please be quiet and be gay if that is what you want to do.
He had his nose pierced as well.
Yes, I am able to lift him even though he is only 185 pounds. I find this amusing because I can only lift 185.
You will need to see a therapist for that.
Perhaps some perverted guys are attracted to young, attractive Asian girls.
You should see a shrink!
He is giving you stupid excuses of the wall and acting in a way that he did not before.
You need to be strong and hang in there.
No, he is too big for me and I am too weak.
Basically, if she is so drunk that she becomes a slob or a slut, then yes, it is unattractive.
Exchange letters, e-mails, chat online, talk over the phone, send packages, and keep in touch.
This is especially true if you do not feel like it.
He dribbles, he shoots, and he scores. He gets two points.
Giving it up just for him to stay with you is like selling your soul to the devil.
I cannot give you a wife view, but I hope mine is just as good as yours.
In addition, it relieves me of the pressure of having to ask someone.
It depends on the woman, but it is better shaved.
If you ask in English, I can not understand you.
Hey, I'm a guy, but I will tell you a little.
I like him very much and I want to win his affections, not push him away from me.
I really like this guy, but I do not know if he likes me back.
By the way, your avatar looks familiar to me.
It has been over six months and I can not seem to get over it.
Perhaps he thinks he will be turned down. Just ask. I would.
You have to think about that and that should help you out on seeing if you can trust him.
A picture in the shape of a heart with you and her when you both first dated, that is special.
I am in college and he is the only source of income for me until I get out of college.
Listen, it is not that easy.  I got with my ex-boyfriend in 2nd grade, then in 4th, and again in 8th.
I have been with this girl for eight months and we have not kissed yet. Is this a bad thing?
Some guys do not like breasts at all.
Or is it possible that she just wants to see other people?
He has seen me every day for about four or five years.
He got off the train when he got to his stop.
I mean, the worst is that she says no.  Take a chance and good luck!
However, I am aware of exactly what I want in a relationship.
I would flirt and send flowers and candy to myself and then he would ask you out on a date.
I also hate to see my dad unhappy.
I feel bad because I know that I snore at times, but most people do, right?
I like S.O.S. and need to know if I am in love with her.
If you truly love each other, then you will be able to work out all of the fighting and other issues.
It is because neither of you have the courage to call it quits.
However, that does not mean that big girls can not be cute.
However, he is getting married in the coming month.
However, those men are rude and you do not want them to leave.
Say, "Will you go on a date with me?"
You should get married only after you have been in a relationship with a man for more than two years.
A man has a penis, and a woman has her clitoris.
Separate the bad thing from the good thing and move on.
It would be easier to do if I were mad, though.
If she tells the administration that I am from Pakistan, I will be expelled because it is not America.
You should get to know her and sooner or later you will either ask her out or she will ask you out on a date.
As I said, he already knows that you like him, so just take a deep breath and ask him.
Maybe you and I can get together some time and we will fall in love with one another.
I would be, but I am just married.
You should play the field a bit more now.
As everyone else has said, do not get married so early.
I just want to know if you have been to the doctor yet.
You should pay attention to what the other person is saying.
You should talk to your spouse about this.
You are obviously young if you are interested in sixth graders.
I was thinking about a medium pink color, but I am not sure with what.
You should ask if they would like to go somewhere with you.
A trip to an amusement park, such as a roller coaster, or even a theatrical museum.
Or, do guys really do prefer bigger women?
The problem is that I am really interested in him.
So, I would say, they do work out, just not a lot of the times. I hope this helps.
Should I end the relationship with him because of the way his mother is treating him?
I have done this before (accidentally) and my friend was mad that I deleted him.
I do not think that I mind either way.
However, that is her way. You could try it that way, or you could just keep your eyes open.
There are some that do, but you should be able to tell.
Are you talking about your avatar?
I do not ever remember giving a girl a Christmas gift unless I am interested in her.
I do not know what to do.
Try to be yourself, but do not show off too much.
So, just take it day by day, step by step, and think of how he lost a good thing.
If only every man knew what women want, the world would be a much happier place.
Compliment her, be honest, and make it about her.
I believe they will cause him harm.
It just means that she is really interested in the guy.
Please do it, I think you would get slapped or kicked in the groin if you did.
Only now that she and I are both divorced.
If he or she would like to see your picture right away, then it is sex.
Hey, it is better than her giving you a fake phone number to call. Lol!
You should tell her to move to Mass.
If you feel this strongly about it, then maybe you should not get married.
Based on the pictures I have seen, I would say Maui or the Bahamas.
The man I am interested in is angry with me.
You are thirteen years old, do not worry about it.
That way, you do not have to worry about you calling him too much.
I am a man, and let me tell you, we love to chase.
Thank you for the enthusiasm in advance.
We always seem to push the ones that we love away.
They believe that they are able to control the lives of others when they cannot.
That is strange, but I do not know.  I will talk to my friend by his locker.
I don't know, how would you like something shoved up your butt?
If a man cares about you, he will call you.
What is a special gift I can give my brother-in-law for his birthday?
He probably doesn't want to do that either.
Hold her hands, look into her eyes, and say it, but only tell her if you truly love her.
Some guys do, and some guys don't do it.
Hey, I really want to know, so please help me out!
The timing just wasn't right for it with the old guy. You will see.
Generally kind, and my fifth point of view is that I will be disappointed if she is unintelligent.
It is one of the gifts that we can always give ourselves.
I do not believe trust has to be earned, because how is it even possible to earn trust?
If that is what you are doing, you need to stop. That is weird.
Do not let her rule your life, she will just have to learn to deal with it.
I have a yahoo email and it works well for me.
I would not concern myself too much with it.
Oh yes, the "trick ass hoe's" never had a chance.
When you can pass gas in front of the person with whom you are dating.
It is dependent on how old they are.
And any guy who thinks he would is probably not being honest with himself.
If you are flirtatious with him, the challenge is not there.
If you need your ex-girlfriend to emotionally support you, then you have some problems.
She does not have to be younger than twenty-two years old, she can be anywhere between twenty and thirty-six years of age.
Perhaps she does not love you, but you should use your voice to tell her what you want.
If you want your girlfriend to be with you for the rest of your life, then do not let her know that you are interested in her forever, it is simple.
There are tons of cheap ideas out there, just find what you like and work with it.
If you are worried about the performance of it, do not do it.
Find another girl and if that does not work, then move back.
Most often, (not always) that will be guys around your age, who give and take.
If you act like that all of the time, she might think you are desperate.
Not all of the people here are in school.
Tell him what you really want. That is what they tell me, but I never get to do.  Speak up.
Should I make the first move, or should I wait for him to make a move first?
That is a typical double standard that you have set up.
After a while you do not even see the color.
I have not tried it yet, but I am still trying to get up the nerve to do so.
If you two are serious, then asking her that question should not bother her.
Sak her out, what is the matter with that?
How about, "Would you like to go on a date with me some time?"
Yes, you should look me up if you are ever in Florida. I find this amusing because I do not know who you may be talking to.
I can tell you that those were good times.
It is all about her, and no, it should not be something that happens on a first date.
Do you really want to spend the rest of your life with a person with whom you argue all the time?
If he comes to his senses, great. If not, you should break up with him.
You are far too good for them.
Jump him because she is interested in him?
It depends on the age of the CD, DVD, or CD.
Twenty years down the road, that is all you can be, so start from the beginning.
I would like to visit the United States of America.  What are the things that I would need to bring with me if I were to do so?
If you have any ideas, tips, or general information, feel free to email me.
You sound like a very lovely person, so do not let some of these women bring down your mood.
You don't have to look, just go out and enjoy yourself and have fun and a girlfriend will come along.
He is getting married, so do not pursue it.
It is like a clear liquid that turns yellow when it is dry?
If you are in your country, you should find a textmate if there is a short messaging system on your cell phone.
When she begins to close her eyes, kiss her in the lips and then it is up to you.
Please be honest with me, I can deal with the truth.
Have fun, but remember to never get so comfortable that you always know what is going to happen next.
It shows how much they care about you.
You should tell her that you miss her and you love her.
Coffee, lunch, site seeing, walk/talk/play in the park, museum, movie matinee, etc.
What you want is a hooker, you can find that in any corner of the world.
However, now we do all these things together and I do not know what to do.
Because if it does not work out, you will be disappointed.
It has been the best thing for me at the very least.
You should try using some of these, but only if they actually apply.
The problem is that he was unfaithful to me recently, and it was the worst thing he could have done.
If you are happy, then she should be happy as well, unless he is really being bad to you.
We like it when men do things for us and think about us.
If you give him space, maybe he will eventually call you back.
You should tell him that you do not want a real relationship.
If you look creepy and look, they will all think that you are leering at them.
I do not know if he is in love with you, but I am certain that he likes you.
If a guy really respects you, then he will understand.
Ask yourself and decide. If you are able to afford it, do it if you would like to.
It is because he is a superhero that is the closest to being just a regular guy.
Sometimes the difficulties are worth it, if the good outweighs the bad.
I do not think it is wise to date your co-worker at work.
You are stupid and need a theory class for that.
You should let it run it's course from there.
What do they think about gay marriage and relationships?
So, of course, I had to ask him if he was not interested in me.
Men will usually think that you are attractive regardless of what you do.
However, I do not think that by not having sex with him, he will become unfaithful or leave you.
The safest rules of internet dating are these: 1. Chat via email and messenger, and 2. Talk on the phone.
Marriage is really about trust and communication.
Ok, so I had this problem as well.
It is dependent on what you kissed.
It depends on whether or not you could trust him before.
Make sure you do not make her hate you, you just need to get your point across to her.
How long have you been meeting these Filipinas?
Imgaine, if it was just considered love?
In that way, you are not exactly telling them what you specifically do not like about them.
If he is, then you should pursue him.
Then, see if she is open for a dinner and a movie.
I am sorry, I do not know, and I wish the best of luck to both of you.
However, I do find him looking at me every now and then.
This is a sin, and we ourselves have started this.
Fun includes eating meals, but not breakfast, if you understand what I am saying.
Make a kind move, and if there is no response, then you know what to do.
Let him make the first move. If you do, it may make you look like you are too flirtatious with him.
You people do not have the right to get married.
My tragic love story was that I loved him very much, and he loved me as well.
You seem desperate, and you will never find a relationship if you are desperate.
However, he swears that we are only friends.
Beauty does not really matter unless you are trying to prove something.
Again, I know once you have sex with him, he is no longer a good friend.
The fact that a guy is so self-centered is a huge turn off for me.
Do not rush it, you will feel all of your emotions come alive.
It is a two way traffic. Until you get to them, you will know which one it is.
So you have only had one child out of wedlock.
I know that I am overtly picky about people, but how can I stop it?
It hurts a lot, maybe some girls might say that's it?
I am going to jump that boy. Is that the right choice?
So, it was a good idea.
If she is inebriated, then it is not a turn off for me.
It is because some women send men tiny messages without saying what they are saying clearly.
I would prefer if they left me alone.  I apologize, I got off-topic.
Ask her to go do something that she is interested in, or to see a movie she would like.
You are a man, which is a term that is used lightly.
It is too bad that it is not automatic, like MSN or AOL.
And that is how they will react to it, so yes, it is a bad situation for both you and him.
You should go back to that person at once before it is too late for you.
I too, want to smack that smile off of her face.
You should ask him if he would like to dance with you.
Then she might say, "That looks ugly, I think (a color) looks better."
You should ask him to go see a doctor.
I never went out with him for a second time.
First of all, why did the two of you end your relationship?
There is no need to wait, go ahead and do it.
As long as he does not mind, who else's opinion matters?
I believe that I am still totally in love with him.
I never wanted to engage in sexual activity again.
The main thing is to not try to get back at the one who has wronged you.
If you have to ask other people, then I really do not think you are ready.
I am a girl, so I say those things.
Flowers are a good place to save money.
Time will tell, so give it six months and see what happens.
You are either that or you are the only one he has a chance at getting some booty from.
If I were choosing from your list, I would have to choose Spiderman.
I was cheated on for three of the years I was in a relationship with him.
It is sad, but true, that all seniors think freshman girls are easy.
If he says yes, then you can tell him.
You should impress her with your affection and love.
And if you have, what was it like?
Celebrate Valentine's Day with joy and fun, give each other gifts, and have a good time.
Any woman besides the unattractive men will look attractive.
So, when I moved in, my neighbor asked me on a date.
You should probably make a move on him, because he is obviously shy.
It is just on a much harsher scale as time goes on.
Be yourself and say, "Hi, how are you?" and you might get a response if you are honest.
There are many times that you love the guy, but you are not sure if he loves you as well.
If you are talking about your husband or similar, I would say tools, toys for his vehicle, and sports related items for him.
That made me very aroused, but I ran away.
If I can get your vote for the best answer, I will pick up the bill if you do not.
Okay, so what size of breast does the average guy like do you think?
Many 22-year-old women are dating men who are 27 years old or older, so the 22 year old men feel insecure and have to fish further down the river.
Lust is less like...you just go out?
They are probably aware that you cannot really hide that, but you should tell your parents.
I will make you a princess on the planet Kripton.
My last girlfriend's boyfriend did the same thing to her before we met, and she still kept him.
My friend has a boyfriend who she talks to both online and on the phone with.
Do you prefer fake nails or manicured ones?
Tell her that girls like women who tell them the truth. Good luck.
We can spend time together and be the best of friends.
Stay true to your husband.  After all, he is the one you said I do to.
Do not listen to these fools with all of their b.s.
Yes, I am a man, so I do not really have to pay.
Remember, no bird has ever flown on just one wing.
You should just tell her how you feel.
It depends. If you really love him, you will probably think that you want to continue the relationship.
If you or the other person is married, then you should leave.
No, men do not do that, but little boys do it.
Please help me to win this debate with her.
My girlfriend is the nuttiest, but I love her anyway.
It is simple enough, do as anyone else does and play with it.
Sweetheart, let him go, if he is meant to be with you, he will come back to you.
Of course, after three days of that, my back went out. Lol.
You should stay alive and get your old life back.
So that is why I ask, "Why don't guys ever know what they want with any kind of relationship?"?
Perhaps you should ask him out to lunch, a movie, or something similar.
Girls do not like guys who are only concerned with themselves.
It depends on whether or not you like either one of them.
I was always looking and I kept choosing men who were not good for me.
So, no, I feel it is a choice, and one does what feels comfortable to them.
Some people do, some do not have it in them.
You should just do what makes you happy.
It is because for some reason I cannot.
So, it would have to be love.
Because, you know, try to search for your love, but be careful.
Do not ask her to perform an act for you, make her the focus of the show.
Girls are simply impressed if you can show a little care, respect, and honesty to them.
Tell the bastard to get out.
They believe it is the only right way.
I wish you good luck and remember to keep it cool.
With that being said, you need to figure out yourself if you want to stay married to him.
I hate him for what he did.
Men like this typically become abusive towards their wives if you do not obey them.
First of all, I have four children, so being a homemaker is more work than my job even.
No, I have not.  I prefer normal-looking men.
It definitely looks like he has feelings for you.  Do you show him how you feel?  You should!
It seems like everything is so open and open with most people these days.
I have a problem of unloading all of my stuff in the beginning, and maybe I told this guy too much.
The right date can save you money on a lot of things.
If you truly love your man and want to work it out, then you should tell your ex to respect that.
That will only make her easier to have sex with.
I do not think that you should try it.
It is simple: honesty and love, and try to be honest with them.
I am hoping for at least 90%, but realistically I think it is more like 70% or 65%.
However, cuddling up with a large woman is one of the best feelings I know of.
And women also expect men to act like that, so why should they grow up?
There are a couple of ways. One is to get him inebriated.
The problem isn't if you ask her while she is at work or not.
Stick with the 13 and 14 year old boys. They are easier to control anyway. Good luck.
You should never allow a man to mistreat you.
P.S. I am not a stay-at-home romantic dinner type of girl.
In any case, when I left him I swore I would never get married again.
Pickup lines are tacky.  Just be yourself and talk to her a lot, women like that.
You will be fine if you just have fun.
Not all of the time.  Sometimes men shave them, but it depends on the woman.
I love him, but I think I am ready to move on and meet new men.
So, wait for another four years.
I hope I get to see some of it soon.
I do not want to be a mean person.
Also, you should wait a while before having kids.
I would like to have some fun with you, that is why I answered the stupid question.
Try to contact their Q&A team. They will help you through. Have a nice day!
The reason is because women do not have a lot of sex often.
If he continues to insist, it means that he is only interested in sex.
Looks definitely matter, and anyone who says they do not is probably lying.
When you are making love, it is like living a fantasy.
When you are 18 or 20 years of age, because when they say something, they do not mean what they are saying.
You should try to make it yourself when possible.
But (there is always a but, isn't there?)
It is if she is not interested in you anymore.
I seriously doubt that you are in love with that many men.
On average, I would say about 45% at first, but once you get to know the person, maybe 15% is a good estimate.
You should play sports with your male friends.
She will let you know if it is not okay.
I do not mean, do you think that women are sexy and beautiful?
How do I get him to stop nagging me and leave me alone?
You can use a sex toy, that way you can both enjoy it.
Guys without hair look like little boys to me, and it is not sexy at all.
I agree, just kiss him and he will respond in one way or another.
A good way to think about it is to imagine yourself without him or her.
In the United States of America, it is not so important.
Well, if it was before you, then he was not cheating at all, obviously.
How many times have I missed out on a great opportunity because I was worried about someone saying no?
It is because the white women are taking up all of the men.
Your self image is also very important.
Have you ever had a PAP smear?
Good lord, how old are you?
However, I think that both of them like me.
Okay, well, first thing, it sounds as if you guys are already married.
Yes, Jaime is going to ask Rubi out on a date, but it is not your business.
That is a sign, things such as that can make it very obvious.
You should take the time to get to know both of them equally, without going on a date with them.
I would love to hear logical opinions on this. Thank you.
If you like the guy, then you should pursue him.
It is okay to have fun with your male friends.
So, it is natural with that man.
Women take on a lot and sometimes they feel as if they do it for nothing.
No, because I am not married yet.
Please let me know what you think. Thank you.
If you are gay, then you should be gay.
I wish you good luck and hope you are able to stay in the situation.
I like older girls, so I think it is sick and wrong that they can not go out with her.
I am just curious to see what everyone thinks of it.
My last boyfriend and I met while driving around a roundabout in another car.
Because if you do, then you are going to lose your friend over a guy.
It was really just a casual aside when I said it. I didn't think he would remember.
Are you a country girl or a city girl?
Hang out all day with him and to top it off, touch his feet.
I am very bored being single.  I am sitting back and watching other women having all the fun.
Women are curious about having sex with other women, even me.
I do not know what you said because I was too lazy to read the words you typed.
I do not like it myself, but I do love the straight ones.
This is Doc Izzy and I love and adore bigger women.
There are not any words that are going to make it any better.
Do it before it is too late.
Well, to tell you the truth, you learn, but you have to actually do it.
Nay Pier is a great place, or one of the museums. There are a lot of great resteraunts and hotels.
That is a stereotype. I am not a country girl by the way, and I think that I'm sexy in my own way.
He is not going to reject you.
Well, I hope you read this very well.
A lot of men are attracted to black women who are overweight.
If she is interested, she will call at a later time.
No, you will not, because you know that he has a history of infidelity.
You should ask yourself that, if you understand what I mean.
I find that if I try hard, I can see things I know are not there that I normally would not see.
Lets get coffee and chat and take it from there.
You should just move on with your life and find someone else to spend time with.
I will be honest if you email me atilikethickchix@YAHOO.com and tell me you are not, but I am not sure if that is true or not.
My relationship with this boy has been going on and off since last year.
I really care about you, and I can not stop thinking of you.
It is worth the wait when you are ready.
If you do not know, ask someone who would.
Keep your fear away from him and tell him what you are feeling.
That is a chance that you are going to have to take.
So, if you want to be attractive to losers, creeps, and pervs, drink up!
Not for anything, but to look at.
After a while it passes and I still love him.
As you said, it is your own life.
And now, even in my divorce, I am still stuck with it.
Just because he has the potential to be a great boyfriend, does not mean that he is.
Sure, let me know more about you.
When one minute you want to throttle the other person, and the next you are wanting to jump their bones.
The girls that are pretty or have a great personality.
People whose parents well take care of them are big time lazy people.
I do not know what it is that she wants.
It is very complicated, tell it again please, but in a simple way.
Show her what it is that you are good at.
If you can imagine him as the father of your children.
If you do not ask, someone else might.
That is the reason why I am single.
If you truly love him, you would end your relationship with him.
If she does not want to be in a relationship with you, then you should be her friend instead.
Well, if he says he is not, then you should not believe him.
I would like to get it out of limbo.
I even worked there for a while and met the man of my dreams.
I have been with my husband for four years.  We recently got married in December of 2005.
Focus on how things are and what would be best for you right now.
You will see that, no matter how hurt you are, it is still the simplest reason why you smile.
Wow I didn't think Pakistan was that conservative.
I have to stop right away, because I am ready to use the restroom.
No matter what you do, do not tell him too soon.
We are unable to answer if she truly means it.
I do not like a guy that does that all of the time.
Then you will be able to make an easier decision.
I have had sexual relations with many women and some of them are whores.
He dribbles, he shoots, and he scores. He gets two points.
You should talk to your best friend and see if it is okay.
Do you think this is a trick question?
I don't know, can I do anything about it?
People are husbands and wives for different reasons.
If he does not, then there are too many fish in the sea.
Do you just want to say that?
If you are not happy, you need to fix it or leave.
It is not all guys, but there are some guys that do.
I totally agree with Udaman. Good luck girl.
It sounds as if you like to sell yourself too much.
Your girlfriend will just think that you are a jerk.
Sometimes, but you have to observe the one you call your man.
Are you replaying everything that you have ever done to me?
However, don't just sit around waiting for the phone to ring.
I dated a man this past year who became violent towards the end of our relationship.
Leave it alone. I do not care what she says, she is in enough pain.
How would anyone be aware of you if they do not know anything about you?
Find someone who loves you as well.
It is never bad to be flirtatious.
We were hanging out for a little while.
Do not use pick up lines because that is a turn-off.
I love them because I am a man, and I do not have to ask anyone to the dance.
Girl, there are more guys out there that love thick women than you think.
The girls who complain that flowers do not last are just ungrateful.
You need to be with that person.  You have found your true love.
And I really mean to be her friend.
How do I get my sweetheart to show me that he loves me?
Well, basically you have to stop talking to him and stop thinking about him.
She says they are in love, even though they have never met.
Do not do this over the phone, via email, or other forms of communication.
I am not against gay people and lesbians, because they are the best friends a person can have.
I am dating a girl and I want to know how to tell if she is interested in me or not.
Death is similar to a box full of candy corn.
Just try and make the best of what is to come.
You either need to move on with your life or you try to make it work with this person.
She is the love of my life, and I can not wait to spend the rest of her life with her.
It is because women think with their brains.
I am still in love with my ex-boyfriend and I am very angry at my cousin because she is interested in my former boyfriend.
Only time will tell. Spend time with friends, have fun, and do not worry about it.
That is why I do not get in chat rooms anymore, unless it is to laugh at all the freaks.
Oh, this is what I did. It was a big bad mistake on my part.
I have no idea where to begin.
I can lift or carry my husband if he chaeted, but I guess I can not do that since he passed away.
If she is calling just to talk to you, then tell her to not call you so often.
All I have to say is that is all I can say.
You shouldn't be asking this question.
I was also thinking about the color lime green.
I am talking about the both of you together.
I have a close friend who is a girl.
Are they wanting to be something that they are not?
Well, if you can imagine yourself with him in bed at night, then yes!
They like the challenge. I know, that is what I love about it.
It depends on the girl, I guess. Fair skinned women who have black hair look extra pale when they have it.
Oh my goodness, I should do that when I am dating next time!
Do not listen to what anyone else tells you to do.
I really like this guy, and I do not know if it is just a crush, or if I love him.
I believe that the Bomb is easier.
They have not always been the easiest years, but they have been pretty good years.
Do not forget to choose and vote for the best answer.
You should tell her why you are interested in her.
Did it turn you into a homosexual or was it just a curiosity thing?
No, if you have to ask, then not.
The list could continue for a very long time.
But he might enjoy all the waiting, dreaming, and teasing.
Do not eat where you have sexual relations with other people.
Of course, if you would like to chat, send me an email at fla_cat_blue@yahoo.com.
When he teases you about the little things that don't make sense.
If you think that he feels the same way about you, then why not?
Well, in my experience, a lot of the time, one of them ends up cheating on the other person.
They are often worse than men.
I have heard of friends who got married about six months after meeting someone.
I do not know what you mean.
If you would like to have children, then you should become a homemaker.
What is the worst thing that could happen?
Intellect - a woman with brains is just sexy!
His or her intelligence, the way he or she carries themselves, good looks, and attitude.
Sure, and will you pay mine as well?
Yes, that is all I can say, but yes, I have long, black hair and I am proud of it.
I was not going to let her get away with it.
There is a good chance that if you like her as a friend, you will enjoy her even more as an individual.
You should just be yourself when you are with her.
Guys think that they are special, and are only good enough for certain girls.
Find someone that you like and say, "Will you be my valentine?"
You can post more questions on Yahoo Answers.
Well, if the one boy picks on you, why do you like him?
Brokeback Mountain, okay, it is a guy but at least you will be happy.
Size, shape, looks, etc. should not matter at all.
Sex is not the only thing that is important in life.
You are probably just too good for him anyway.
Do you like him, or do you not care for him?
Why don't you just ask her if you can kiss her?
Who can say that country girls feel more sexy?
Well, I do not know how old you are, which would be helpful.
Just think about what you like and do it back for them, kind of like a tounge massage.
Here is my answer: A) Most guys definitely do not prefer girls that are skin and bone.
Cut your cousin and your ex-boyfriend off of each other completely.
Or does his friends point at you when you are with him?
Yes, it is possible to enjoy giving pleasure, but not receiving it as much as giving it.
Now I keep thinking of getting it on with a girl.
It is dependent on whether they are brunette or not.
Is she just trying to use you for her own selfish purposes?
You can have a large penis, and not be very good at sexual intercourse.
You should end your relationship with your ex if you are dating the man you love right now.
It was very painful and I received a lot of blood.
Cuddling, kissing, fondling and playing with each other's sex organs before sex.
When he does explain to him that it was a mistake to break up and that he wants him back, then he will want to get back into a relationship with him.
My boyfriend loves me so much that he does not want to give me up.
You are already doing it, so why do you not bother?
On the hood of my car at a waterfront in a light rain, it was awesome!
I think you are probably a nice guy, and she probably loves you a lot.
You are either looking too hard, or maybe you are looking in the wrong places. You should sign up for the Yahoo personals.
That is only if you want it to be.
However, if she does not have a reason, then she is not your friend.
You have to find what is right for both you and your partner.
You are definitely not a promiscuous woman, do not be concerned.
Women do not think it is cool, they think that men who smoke are pathetic because they are killing themselves.
So, do you enjoy Asian food?
They don't mean to get them pregnant, they just can't keep it in their pants because they are pigs.
I like natural, real girls, and I do not like fake looking prissy drama queens.
It is a take on how the world works, and their desire to catch up.
That is too many and selfish.  You are just desperate and keep on trying another one, correct?
It is similar to if you decide to eat chocalate and then moan because you look too fat.
Do you know that he is in love with you?
My wife forgives me for a lot of things.
The first step is to order one online and then the stork brings one to you.
I would estimate it to be around three or four.
Imagine that I am that guy and you are my girlfriend.
You should give them a chance to discover you.
It is unusual, but nothing is wrong.
I am still in love with him, what do you suggest I do?
Do not just stay with him for the sake of the baby.
Never ignore her and always listen to her.  When you do not change the subject, women hate that.
It can also be good luck if you take it as "good luck" as well.
It is a man thing, live with it and accept it.
It sounds as if you are going through a lot right now.
I wish you good luck, but do your homework.
Do not come here, it smells like a trap to me.
It is everywhere. Just ask any girl passing by. But only in Thailand, not in the United States. Lol.
This girl does not want a bad boy at all.
However, I need to be happy.
You are so full of it. You are teasing all these desperate, lonely, sad guys. Shame on you.
Sometimes men think they don't need you as much until you are gone.
The only thing I can say is, "Good luck!"
You married your husband, hopefully, because you love him.
I love to express my feelings to the ladies with poems.  Has anyone written one for a special someone?
What is the reason for tying yourself to just one man?
That is if you both agreed on doing this.
It is similar to saying, "What's got to stop me when I have already done it?"
He just needs to start over and earn your trust again.
On one side of his family, I met his father.
We fall in love, but they treat us badly, why are we there?
I am one of those who want to wait until I am totally in love with someone.
You should try the nice way first, girls hate being ignored.
Keeping secrets will only hurt the ones you love.
Some women like big, hairy guys, some guys like fat women, and some girls like skinny guys and the reverse is true as well.
Curves, especially if they have big breasts and softness, you can not be a soft woman.
You should never tell her that she is overweight.
You are a mother, you should act like one.
Some people think it is due to society dictates, but I say screw society and give me thick.
If they give you two months, they will get over you.
I do not know, however, Daniel K. has never read manga.
I guess it is kind of nice, it's like your dad's blessing all the way.
I am attracted to intelligent, fun, and attractive women.
If you come to my town, then I will be your girlfriend.
This generation is simply too unintelligent.
Yes, it is time to cash in on your chips.
They are always in the "in love" stage of their relationship.
When I see a Malaysia air ad on television, I go gaga.
It was really nice how he asked me on a date.
Try to talk to her and ask her to spend time with you as friends and see if it leads to something.
This is really hard because there are a lot of temptations out there.
It is not what you can become just because she says so.
The two of you should talk privately and personally.  You have to clear each other's side, so do it now.
Well, the one I liked goes like this.
Do not attempt to engage in sexual intercourse.
Just keep it cool, a little hard to get might help.
If your relationship survives the four seasons, then I guess you should be ready.
I married my guy anyway and do you know why? Besides love?
You should move on and find someone who does not hate you.
You can't do it, so let's just start eating it.
Yes, we like flowers, pretty, good-smelling flowers.
Should I or should I not?  A younger guy versus an older woman.
Ok, those other replies are just cocky. I am way more fine.
Lime green would be a more appropriate color for a summer wedding.
However, if they are unable to exercise self-control, then let them marry.
My boyfriend snores and I have a terrible time sleeping because of it.
It is possible that you think not, but yes.
We have no room for messed up animals such as this in our society.
The best way and the easiest way is to fly or drive to Las Vegas and get married there.
His answer is good enough for me.
No single man is capable of giving you what you really want.
If he does not start acting right, then you should leave him.
If you are too attractive to show him your breasts, then you should.
There are a lot of guys like that who are just looking for sex.
I mess up a lot at times, but she doesn't forget.
Wait for him to ask you on a date, unless you are really desperate.
You are asking, "Do you like me?"
Regardless of what you decide, make it completely your decision.
Her parents? You can not fix it. Her friends? Maybe you can talk to them nicely, but please specify why.
How drunk is this girl getting?
Women are attracted to men with a positive self image.
I am doing this just for the points. I am laughing out loud.
If you do not know anything about each other, you will not be able to connect.
If you do, then I would say that it was a real and worth relationship. Good luck.
But really, if you are used to it and you kind of like it, you should go with it.
It is because it is buy one and take one.
And last, but not least, does he always just happen to be staring at you?
It sounds like a con, but I am telling you, women really like it.
You have met the dumb ones out there that think skinny is better.
However, I have always believed in the fact that there is a huge difference between having sex and making love.
You just have to force yourself to walk away.
In my case, I think 80% is correct.
He was leaning in and giving me a soft kiss on the forehead.
I am unable to see my life without my husband.
I do. It is much prettier and as smooth as silk.
Flowers are really nice, even if they do not last.
It sounds as though he is having too much fun while you are away.
Why don't you just leave the girl alone?
Maybe you should try dating girls, if guys offend you so much.
I, too, have not a single girlfriend.
Just remember, you should only go for guys who are themselves and only themselves.
They feel that they are better than women, but that is not the case.
That does not mean that you should allow them to come in.
It is always in the back of my mind.
Does she have other friends with whom to converse on the phone?
Getting married and having a child can wait, but studies can not wait.
However, you will need to do this a few times.
Most teen boys are attracted to girls that like sex.
Do not look back and enjoy the friends that you have.
It does not matter if it is good or bad, your personal belief on something is all that matters.
And I do not know what I should do.
Yes, it is a sick habit.
Wait until you reach the age of twenty-five, you will not lose your charm by that time.
My best friend dislikes my boyfriend and wishes for me to break up with him, but I will not do that.
Relax and be real because that is what we like.
I do not think so, maybe they should try taking our last names.
You both should choose either his or your own once you have children.
Of course, he would want to go on.
So I guess I pick Domestic Goddess.
You should ask her on a date after class again.
People's lives are too short. Live life to the fullest and have faith.
I am a man and I too feel like I am, because I also am.
If you like him that much, you should call him.
Begin with a basic, everyday question, and go from there.
You should tell more people, as my bor did.
All of my friends want to do is make out.
Also, actual kissing and asking if you are a good kisser.
We will be at your service at any time and we will not regret our decision.
You need to reput it in and add it back, just like the first time you did.
You are welcome to share this with your mother or father.
And don't fall for the alcoholic only on weekends line that the guy above is giving.
You kind of stuck yourself out there and they got hurt, unless you know him fairly well.
I myself prefer A & B cups.
Be her friend first, and then see where it leads.
Do not even listen to what people, not just men, say. Watch how they act.
Do you feel that way?
However, if a guy asks you, do not be afraid to say no.
Obviously she does not want you if you know that she is interested in the other boy.
There are lots of things that make a woman not like sex.
Not all guys get bored, and then move on.
However, there is no better person to marry than your best friend.
It depends on what it is that you are looking for, friendship or friendship only, like.
My current boyfriend and I did this with each other.
However, it does not mean that you cannot love another person.
You should divorce that man because he has no honour and he does not love you.
Basicaly, men just want to have a girlfriend for free sex.
If nothing else works, you will have to ask him for it again.
It is your personal choice, so keep it that way.  Whether a guy goes out with you or not should not make a difference how you act.
You will have to search yourself for this one.
If the man is worthy of you, then you will not need to.
I am confused. I hate the girl to be like that. What should I do?
Shop around for invitations and anything else you would like to purchase.
He then asked me, "Can I come with you?"
Just go with your feelings. If you like her so much, then go ahead and do it.
So, I am only myself around guys I do not like, and you know the outcome.
I hope you are able to find a nice girl.
I have liked this show on Girl since I was in ninth grade.
I would like to say hello to all my fellow girls at Cone and give them a hug and a big hello.
If she is interested in him, then there is a reason.
If going to a movie is something that is special for the two of you, then you should do that.
It just sounds like you are the one who wears the pants.
Have you told her that it is kind of irritating that she has to check up on you every day?
It is for the same reason that thin girls prefer slender, toned guys.
He handed me his cellphone and asked me to put my phone number in it.
You should go to Hawaii or pay someone to take you there.
I do not understand why people think that it is wrong.
Keep searching for a person who believes in romance, she is out there.
If you plan on cheating on your wife, then you are a freaking pig and need to be shot.
Look, he already knows that you like him, and he has not said anything negative about it.
You should confront him and ask him, that way you will know the answer.
It is more of a trust issue, I would say.
You should never stop trying to impress her.
No, you are going to be punished with no television for a month.
I am laughing because I think this is better than the one on top of me.
However, that did not bother me, because as I said, Wa and E were just friends.
If you go to school, you can still come home or call your family and friends.
Wow, go with the one that picks on you, because nine times out of ten, he likes you.
I always felt the same way, but I met my true love and my views have changed.
Do you bathe or do you know how to speak?
I like him and he says things like, "If I weren't dating, I would go out with you."
You will be better off if you end the relationship with him.
It is the one time in your life that you can truly live out the true fantasy of love.
People have asked me, "What is the hurry?"
Has he just ended a relationship with a girl and then left before?
Needless to say, I am 36 years old now and am still in therapy around it.
And for goodness sake, do not be one of those controlling baby mama's.
Did you ever think of that?
It has been half a year, is it normal for you to still like him?
You should look for a man that is attractive.
It is realy sweet and just what you are looking for.
Is there a reason why you are not with the baby's father?
You are wasting your health because women do not like it.
If anything is larger than a handful, it is a waste, probably a size C or D.
I myself think that they do.
Please stop trying to slap it in everyone's face.
You should probably be looking in a public place, where you are most comfortable.
A man asked me, "do you mind if we cuddle?"
Or you could ask about the score of the last game?
It is due to the fact that some couples never get to that comfortable, boring stage in a relationship.
I always say that you should not do things if you are going to regret them later on.
Even the day after would be acceptable.
Well, all that you are missing is a million dollar smile.
I understand what you are saying Fountain, the same thing happened to me.
However, I do not really like girls very much.
Be really nice, give eye contact, and smile a lot. I hope this helps!
I would wonder why he shaved them, but, in the end, they are his legs.
I wish the both of you the best of luck.
This is just what I have experienced many times.
I will go with anything more natural than fake. I even hate the word "fake."
No, ten years younger, who wants an older woman?
You should ask your best friend if it would be okay.
Many people will tell you no!
Downtown Houston, just about any weekend. There are a lot of clubs.
Who told you that women do not feel anything?
Do not start with her looks, sir.
If they have moved on, then you should as well.
You should flirt with him and see how he responds.
I am waiting until I am married, but at what point is it too much to wait?
With her taking your phone number, there is nothing wrong with that.
Additionally, you do not have to be an overly happy, hyper-active person.
I do not want to just randomly go up and be like, "Go out with me?"
Then comes the fun part.  He is making it up to you.
You give at least five minutes for kissing and hugging, and there may be some licking as well.
I can not help any more unless I have more information.
The reason is because I say no to avatars.
Some girls prefer gifts that won't die on them, something that lasts.
He is probably wondering if you are interested in him at all.  Flirt back with him.
I feel goofy, dorky, and happy at the same time.
If you are a promiscuous woman, then he is as well. I personally do not believe you to be one, however.
So, there are some guys that only say the "L" word if they mean it.
I do not need a trophy girl.  I would like a companion.
As a man, let me tell you this.
Be confident and always believe in yourself, but do not be arrogant. Also, always make good eye contact and listen to what she has to say.
Then he said, "Do you want some of my chapstick?"
There isn't a wrong or right way to kiss anyone.
It is because we love them. It is not until later, when we think about it, that we realize the consequences of what we have done.
I have the same issue, so I do not know.
What was the mistake that you made that caused you to make that mistake?
It is similar to breaking a drug habit.
You should tell him, and it would not seem crazy because you have known each other for a long time.
Yes, thank you for the first answer. That girl answered for me.
Or, what about the colors blue and green?
A life of your own, a life that you have been missing out on.
It is confusing. Yes, I think you are correct.
The thing is, you do not have to ask her out in order to have a relationship with her.
Perhaps he will call you.
You should tell her, but be as polite as you can.
In a park when I was 16 years old, I lost my virginity.
What guy doesn't like a woman with large breasts?
You should be very proud of yourself.
Yes, all men work and fix things, but what else can you do?
We do not know what you look like.
If you had the ability to have four qualities in your woman, what would they be?
If you look on the internet, you will find a lot of things for the wedding or your local newspaper or news.
If she sits on your best friend's lap because she is drunk, then yes, it is a turn off.
Go to my 360 and see my boyfriend.
You will find a man who truly deserves you one day.
You, as well as the sexy perfume you wear.
If he is not, and you are still not ready, then you should end the relationship with him.
What reason do they have for wanting it to be state-sanctioned?
She still allows me to play with my trucks and watch cartoons with her.
You can still love him, but you need to move on.
You should see if he is willing to go out of the way for you.
If anyone has any information, please let me know.
I never knew life could be so good!
And he said that he would call me back.
You should pick the one you like the most.
Remove the pop-up block from your browser.
If you are truly in love with him, then you will tell him.
I do not know, but I would absolutely love for that to be done with me.
What should I do in order to win her affections?
Dude, you have to go ahead and introduce yourself.
I have not seen all of the movies that I have seen yet.
I think it all depends on the age and upbringing of the person.
And that will only be sexual intercourse.
My boyfriend was definitely my friend first, and it is a total bliss!
No one cares what anyone else thinks.
You should also try getting some blonde highlights.
Just let it all out. I use art a lot to vent the problems that I have.
If she likes music, you should make a special CD or tape for her.
It could be (choose one and why?)
Do not worry about what other people will say.
I think that a lot of girls like getting flowers.
I cannot explain it, and no, it has nothing to do with them looking young, vulnerable, or submissive.
Let him go, either that or date his brother.
Yes, there are. You just have to look for them.
You can get them in Staple's for $35.00.
Your child is going to have a hard enough time growing up without a father.
My friend says that I am too nice and I should tell them no.
My girlfriend always tells me that she loves me when we are passing notes during class, but she does not say it in a confrontational way.
That's right, the right relationship happened on it's own.
You will look like you are unintelligent.
No, and you should not care.  If you like him, then stay with him.
I think you should be yourself, have high self-esteem, and have confidence in yourself.
I do not like anything that is not nailed down.
Make it your top priority to see her, if you really want to be with her that bad.
A few months ago, one of my best friends had a relationship with my big sister.
Should I just forget it and move on with my life?
Their friends, on the other hand, that is a different story.
Yes, I do, and I think anyone does.
My cousin met up with an old pervert who said he was an attractive teen that she met online.
None of them come on my list, so I choose my neighbor's wife.
I have long, black hair and I love it, and my husband loves it as well.
You care about your family and they will love you as much as you care.
Ugly (or fat) guys just take what they can get.
In the middle of the river while there were people watching, it was actually pretty funny.
It is all in the eye contact.
It depends on the man, some men do that and some do not do it.
It kind of gives us an idea that you may not have strong guts.
I mean, if you love him and he loves you, then he may want to disapoint his father.
Yes, some men get right down to it with absolutely no thought for the women they are with.
Maybe she is not a beeeatch, and the skinny chick was.
It does sound a little girlie.
If you want to enjoy yourself a bit, why don't you check out some restaurants, night clubs, gyms, etc.?
There are a lot of good women left.  You just have to look in the right place.
Hey, it is like, everyone has to separate at one time or another.
You win some and you lose some, so take it with a grain of salt and be more careful next time.
Happy birth day to you.
I just need someone to help me figure this out.
Pick the one with the better treatment towards you.
I am attracted to a sixth grade boy as well.
If you end it, then he might not be your friend. That is why I do not go with friends.
Stick yourself out there more.  You have to do far more than just make eye contact.
You should do what is best for both you and him.
I have bad teeth, bad breath, and bad bo.
No one needs to know that information.
If I am to ask, I will then leave, stop the relationship, and move on with my life.
Hey, do not get me wrong.
I asked him if he still had feelings for me and he said yes, but he did not act like it.
I have no idea where I am going with this.
Keep getting her younger and younger guys, and as one gets old, get a new one for her.
If you did not play the guilt trip, you would know.
That does not mean it makes it right, it just means that we are human.
It is a mistake that can not be undone.
Practice unwrapping the starburst with your tongue, and tying the cherry stems with you tongue.
Did you happen to catch her looking at you?
I know three men who I could probably get away with doing something like that with.
You should ask her on a date or tell her that you like or admire her.
If he is going to be an on and off guy like that, I think you should break up with him.
If they do not, then you will have to move on with your life.
I have never been to that event.
Complement her, ask her name, do not act weird, and act like you are the smoothest guy ever.
She calls him all of the time.
How should I approach her and be more approachable and not just another guy hitting on her?
Wait a little while, then date guys. That way you will enjoy it more.
Someone who is never 'bitchy' just because she thinks it is cool. It is not.
It is because you do not have any decision power over what to do.
I am aware. Why should I hide it?
Some guys just don't like to dance.
Truly, she is not your friend, because she will not stop bothering you.
I wish I had listened to what my friends had told me.
After how much time can you conclude that it takes too long and that she is not really interested?
Do you think I want to be in love?
What is the reason that they want to get married?
It is a no brainer, as well as a nice picture of George Clooney on your profile page. I am laughing out loud at the thought of you having a photo of him on you profile.
Some women can not seem to find men their own age attractive.
Some of them do, but I would rather have a pair that were not too large.
It sounds like you are both comfortable with things just the way they are.
It is very sexy and it looks very nice on most any girl.
Sometimes it is better to be very good friends first, and make sure that you are happy around each other.
In any case, my question is whether or not I will always feel that way.
Listen to Faith Hill's song "Love Ain't Like That" as it is a great example.
Please, child, do not ask that question if you don't want your feelings hurt.
And the girlfriend should accept that if she loves you.
I think it is very attractive when a man shaves his legs.
If you guys still keep in touch, I don't think that is the best thing to do.
I am interested in this boy named Austin, and I asked my friend Claudia to ask him if he likes me.
You are killing the romance by popping up that stupid question. Have you ever thought of having fun together instead?
He is a player. He is not a good person. Trust me.
It depends. They all like different types of people, but not those who are self-enterd, like you.
I think that is fantastic, maybe you should make the first move!
If he turns you down, then he is not worth it in the first place.
Well, just go up to her.
It is a good idea to always be honest.  Besides, not many men I know like being told that they are attractive.
They know that the women will not chase them like good looking or wealthy men who get a lot of women.
Simply face him and say, "Hey, I like you, would you like to see a movie with me?"
That is why they refer to it as "making love".
Smile at him once in a while, and then he will know.
Most girls are polite, and she will answer it.
I would. You sound a lot like my best friend.
Say, "Hey, when are you taking me to dinner?" to whoever your name is.
It really depends on the guy, but I think most guys really do not care.
If you want it to work out, then it will.
If he does not want to dance, then he should give it up.
But you know what, I feel that the guy should make the first move.
Without having a boyfriend, it would be a bit promiscuous.
Wait, take it from a military girl, wait.
You never know girls, they never show any effect, only when they want something.
I am 49 years of age and am looking for a beautiful woman with whom to spend my time and possibly a relationship.
Do you mean to say, "seem more sexy?"
You should be able to find it if you go to deleted items.
This is a red flag of how this guy is. I wonder.
It may be because your name is "freakgirl" but if you do not show your face, there may not be any hard feelings.
That would be very painful, trust me, I have been there and done that.
Are you in love with her in a deeper way?
Have a good time asking that question to your cell mate while you are in jail.
No, the only time you see a man get emotional is when he is with his lady love.
Yes, I have done it, and it was a lot of fun.
You have to let the person with whom you are in a relationship know what you would like to do.
Of course, if she calls five times a day about that, then it would be crazy.
Hang in there and wait for someone who appreciates you.
My mom books them all of the time at pat@alanatvl.com.
In any case, don't you think he has enough to worry about?
I have been dating a man that is younger than I am.
Men play at love in order to have sex, and women play with sex to get love.
It is going to get played out after a while.
Everyone likes to be told that they are attractive, even if they do not admit it.
Yes, however, it depends on the man.
Perhaps you just think they look sexy when they are running on the field.
You are too young to be talking about kissing already.
I probably will tell her soon, because she is my best friend, and any help would be nice.
I agree with the other person that before anyone gets hurt, I should say it.
I am ready to move on, but I love him too much.
Go out and do everything you could not do when you were with him/her.
It is obvious that men are not much better.
What if you tell him that you just want to be friends with benefits?
You should play a truth or dare game with each other.
He sounds like a man who is a manipulative jerk.
You should slow down the pace, Fourplay.
Death is like a big black bag full of drugs, such as crack, smack, or meth.
You should practice kissing me. Where do you live?
No, you will not. I was married to a complete arsehole.
It sounds like you really love her, so there is no need to forget her.
You should tell him that you only want to be friends with him because you are disappointed that he is acting in such a foolish manner.
It always finds a way to get out in the open, just don't do it!
And yuck, what is with the chest hair?
As for now, I think he is mad, hurt, upset, and has moved on from you.
You should give your brother some money and tell him to leave you alone.
No offense, but it kind of sounds like a girls name, you know. No disrespect intended.
You should be calm and ask her on a date.
Well, after you take her out, get to know her better and then go for the kill and ask her on a date.
People do not like to be played with like a yo-yo.
Practice to unrap starburst wrappers with your tongue, the girls love it!
I do not know.  I just want the points.
That is not exactly true, it is just that most girls are discreet about it.
That depends on whether or not you are attractive with or without a body.
I told him that it was too late. Other than that, I would not have minded getting flowers sometimes.
The phrase "believe in" is a strange way to put it.
Why can't men (or boys, in your case) ever say the word "love"?
Just enjoy the age you are and do not worry about all of this.
Even though I am 19 years old, I like anything up to 30 years of age.
I had a friend who was in the same situation.
Believe me, girls are just as perverted as boys.
You should not go out with a guy just because you feel the need to.
Dude, what you are saying is that she does not want to be more than a boyfriend and girlfriend?
Is it usually about a year before both people begin to feel comfortable in the "comfortable, boring" stage?
It is probably because I knew all of my girlfriends were not really the one until I met my wife.
I believe that as long as you do not base your relationship on sex, it is okay.
However, some men would do that. Why would they do such a thing?
Breast size should not matter if you are just an average guy.
Stay far away from guys who can not say "I like you."
Yes, ask for permission and watch how fast she lashes out at you.
Honey, my husband is attracted to me for who I am.
My mom also has cancer, and this just hits too close to home for me.
Then be your best self. If he is impressed or likes you, he will talk back.
You do not want to be with anyone else but that person ever.
Why don't you try chatting or seeing other guys just to see how he reacts?
However, it is okay to kiss on the first date.
Guys have a problem with secrets.
I had someone be rude to me because I was still in a relationship?
So, how do I just kiss him?
I am the maid of honor for my only sister, and I want it to be perfect.
Unless, that is, it is with the wrong man.