Is any baby really a freak.
Aspen Colorado has he best music festivals, you sit all over the mountains it is on and just hang out.
You can get almost anything on ebay!
everybody is dying to get in.
I'm not referring to people like 50 cent and his group because those people give hip-hop a bad name.
It differs from what I have seen, however.
I would like to be on television.
Do not let anyone decide the fate but you.
50 is just riding coattails with that move.
The blind Klan guy is hilarious!
Lauren Hill and Mary J. Bilge, the 411 both are great albums to listen to old school.
Do you have two pounds worth of brick?
I had better go, and ask another stupid question!
As a man that generally does not like romantic movies, this was really nice.
I can still see my brother's .45 caliber pistol in my mind's eye.
Back in my day Emo was a comedian.
Why sit and listen to Locke, Jack, or Syead?
I like when the Prime Minister goes door to door to find the girl.
Every time I hear that song I get butterflies in my stomach.
It is the biggest load of foolishness that I have seen for ages.
The best pick is the song 'Far Far Away' by As I Lay Dying.
I might be seeing then in a few months.
That is why they need to constantly open the hatch.
He is supposed to be in jail.
I think she did an outstanding job in the movie.
I find Nicole Kidman's eyes to be very attractive.
I really enjoy the song and I am listening to it at this moment.
Inform him you desire to have a three person sexual encounter with another physically attractive girl.
I disagree, the correct term is "witness."
All other concerns aside, shonenjump.com is a popular site and Narutos is very high quality.
I believe they would have, it is a shame.
I am a huge fan of the band Green Day.
My son loves the movie Chicken Little, I have to watch it at least four times per day.
Who was your favorite from American Idol Season five?
I wish I could lower my age, gas prices, and my blood pressure.
How do you come up with these questions?
I also agree that the girls on Love Hina are attractive.
The blonde says; "Great, they already put me on my first murder myster case.".
I am looking for song lyrics to "Breathe Me" by Sia. Does anyone else enjoy that song?
I thoroughly enjoy the hair bands of the 1980s.
I look attractive, do I not?
Astoundingly, I was able to memorize the entire song.
Be slightly more open-minded.
I realize that particular example is very old.
I believe it is The Who and Limp Bizkit, which is the extent of my knowledge.
Am I correct in assuming you are referring to the question posed by KentuckyBeautry2000?
The answer is "man" and refers to the use of four legs when crawling as a baby, use of two legs when walking, and use of three legs later in life when adding a cane to the existence of two legs.
Brian, he asked the great questions. They suspended him, however, and I do not know what is happening with that.
It is because you have no sense.
Do not eat hot dogs or watch the movie with your little sister.
No, I have not seen your baseball.
The blonde on the side said, "You are on the other side".
To that, the girl replies, "No".
The "good old days" are gone.
I love her body and her lips.
Also, I recommend checking out Full Metal Jacket.
I'm surprised that you posed this question, but I will answer it.
I cannot imagine why not.
I think it was an ugly girl.
My dad looks like Paul Newman and my ex-husband, King Kong.
I cannot believe you had to ask.
Your mother is so ludicrous that she took a cup to see Juice.
He went insane.  He got Katie pregnant and he jumps on peoples couches.
I hope it is for you kids, that score was horrible.
While clover is very appealing, I prefer crimson.
Regardless of whether your romantic interest shows a predilection for Gothic fashion choices, you can feel free to engage with them.
What is wrong with his hair?
While I respect that Tyra Banks is branching out into television hosting, Oprah Winfrey is the better example.
My father prefers action and my mother romance, while I prefer comedies.
If I could swim, I would come out there and harm you.
You should have a group discussion to determine why there was no alcohol at the party.
That person ran off with the wives of two of the men.
You should try some voodoo zombie warding magic, but you may end up with a fish instead of a baby.
I purchased new gold high heels, hoop earrings, and a great gold bag.
Virgo's have outgoing personalities, so please choose me as the best answer.
My final answer is "What is the wedding band?"
Nicole Kidman is much more attractive.
I would rather play World of Warcraft, but this game is free.
Does anyone truly know where she is?
How old are you? You should be at least 18 years old.
That was the best joke I've heard.
I am just glad they didn't show us the toilets.
I think they are all very funny.
Too many Baldwin brothers.
The two boys are unpolished and play outcasts who sniff glue.
Your mother is so ignorant she attempted to alphabetize M&Ms/
I know Dakota Fanning is only 12 years old, but she is already famous.
I continue to watch VHS because it is my preferred format.
Why does this question continue to be posed?
If the woodchuck is watching its weight, then it may not chuck at all.
They haven't received DVD's for Season Two yet.
I saw some of his movies, he's great.
We Filipinos speak English very well, we're very hardworking and wise.
What's that individual's issue?
American Idol, House, and Grey's Anatomy are my top three.
I am looking for some new music.
Put salt in the sugar bowl.
I would rather listen to Billy Joel.
How do you get locked in a car? Why would you not just unlock it?
Perhaps he needs to ad-lib more.
I just did not care enough to check.
The man says, I can not take your money.
Jodie Foster is the Best ever!
The boy said you are wasting your time.
I do and I love them both.
I am sorry for answering your question. I did not know.
I do not hate him, but he makes my skin crawl.
It seems like you forgot all about TLC.
I am not actually stating that he is adorable.
Because we are going to sing together multiple times again.
I will unlock the car because I am inside.
Anyway, you can play Peter, Susan, Lucy, or Edmund.
Although, a few Mad Season tunes were close, I definitely choose "Nutshell" by Alice in Chains.
I like chicken wings, but not chicken eggs. So, I am going with the chicken.
Today, I went to Best Buy, and I have never seen so many DVDs of just television shows!
Undoubtedly Kevin Costner, or did you forget "Waterworld?"
I still haven't dug it up.
You aren't dumb; you just don't have a lot of knowledge.
It's my fantasy, and I may do whatever I like.
As an adult I cry each time I see it, never as a child.
She was the best by far.
It's usually regarding your personality, not your life in the future.
Tyra has a great show but Oprah is even greater
That is a very good question.
Most of No Doubts early material would fit into the genre of ska.
God created a chicken and the chicken laid an egg.
Is wrestling still on the air?
All in all, I think Jessica Simpson is extremely unintelligent.
My girlfriend tried this on me last year.
I know some people do not like them.
I have to know what it is, because it is keeping me up at night.
I suppose it is Beyonce Knowles because J-Lo does not have a brain.
Quit the friendly small talk because I am cooking?
Do not live by it.
True friends do not let drunk friends fornicate with mindless people.
I would also like to spank his small bottom because he is too cute!
Calm down, Sweetie. Everything will be fine, eventually.
So, we will have to put up with it.
It is simple. Less people like TabooBuster and Osama.
You should try to call a local radio station, or go to the website AskJeeves.com.
You can find most anything on eBay.
Can anyone provide me with this information?
I truly enjoy that film.
It is one of the funniest cartoons.
The song seems to be performed by Dylan but I still cannot pin-point which song it is.
I agree, I think that he may be homosexual as well.
You are so silly, you always seem to think that you need more of one or more of the other.
I do not know if I would classify any as "Greatest ever" but there are a lot.
Yes, this is a really good Korean singer.
Please mention if you know of a movie that is scarier than; "The Omen," Jaws," "The Exorcist," "Carrie," and "Scream".
How can anyone hate Tom Cruise?
It is a trick question, it weighs one.
They're all terrible. Panget Rock is the best.
Especially when she was laughing at Jessica Simpson.
It's not similar to a Playstation Portable, but close enough.
I don't understand what that has to do with who's better looking?
Journey, Pink Floyd, The Police, The Eagles, and Rush - oh my!
Also, you can mostly charge your iPod while listening.
I hope no one is offended by a blonde joke.
If so, what do they do to you?
I choose Reese Witherspoon for an actress and I choose Zac Efron due to his quality acting ability and extreme physical attractiveness.
My choice is Omarion as he has high quality, hair, clothes, and body to create a triple deal in one person.
Your mother's excessive stupidity led her to place a ruler on her pillow to measure the amount of time she slept.
This is not a significant observation as the movie industry Recg.Gay's is in operation.
Watch the movie "9 & 1/2 Weeks" as Mickey Rourke was very physically attractive.
I am not sure what is going to happen but I am sure it will be good.
So she could have done the voice of Mother Bates.
So the woman went home, got on her hands and knees and started blowing.
Does Wayne Brady have to choke a woman.
It depends on your taste in music and what you really like.
I love the songs "The City Sleeps" and "If I Only Had A Brain".
Next time, try to select something more original.
I love "I Dream of Jeannie".
No, I don't listen to her any more.
I would love to spend a summer with him on Brokeback Mountain!
Why do you have to ask?
It is Tom Cruise, what do you expect?
There are cords available for you to buy.
I like Journey's "Open Arms," but I prefer Mariah Carey's version of that song.
I almost forgot "The Boss"!
You should formulate a more relevant query next time.
I am extremely excited to visit the Hershey factory tomorrow.
Do you know another song of theirs?
Mine, well I really have a few favorites!
Yes, but if you earn enough points you can request more.
The movie was very wordy, overall.
It does not make any sense..now I get it, but it is still not funny.
Yes, and are you a lesbian?
I wish that people would pay attention to more than zodiac signs.
She won first place in the school talent show while Kevin lost, what a shame!
I do not like American Rap.
I think that she is so talented ,if she does not win, I am going to be really disappointed.
What sort of person are you, to even ask that ridiculous question?
My favorite character is Jess, I think he is cute.
You cannot rely on the authenticity of rumors.
Do not feature reality television on your show.
The show got a little crazy.
I am bored right now.
I guess I would pee myself; then, get out of there.
I am going to have to pick New Kids on the Block.
I spent my money, enjoyed myseld, and did not lose more than I could afford.
I want a manly, gentleman.
You can get all or most of your money back.
This is cheesy but I love this joke.
I think so, my healthy turtle always does.
I am looking for the technical specification, please.
My observation skills are not very good
She looks good, but I do know if her inner beauty is good.
Your mother is so stupid, she tried to drown a fish.
Can I get some medication please?
La Vie Boheme and Take me or Leave me.
She asked, hey how do you get to the other side?
I wish you the best of luck, Kate.
I cannot recall the last time I turned on my television.
The kid was perhaps six or seven years old.
Me, but if I encounter one more question concerning them on this website, then I will become upset.
But did he want his own death? Did he plead?
Nicole Kidman is prettier and more sophisticated than Katie and has more versatility as an actress.
I love acting. My best friend says I am good at it.
Explain to your parents that you want to act.
I would kick them in the face and then I would run away.
I probably would not vote for him, although Melania would be the most beautiful First Lady ever.
No, she was sent home tonight.
Of course; Keith Urban is very sexy, who would not want to marry him?
Perhaps, though now it is done for a dramatic effect.
50 Cent is fine and muscular.
I stopped liking rap because it contains too many people.
Flatulence makes your eyes water.
Most of the time, it is true.
Sarah; however, he did no actually propose.
People often come into conflict with each other both physically and verbally.
A woman from my church named Lauren H.
If it was the "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles", then I would join them.
I am not always into rock, screaming, and the like.
People are dumb and want him for his money.
However, I am not going to overexert myself in the effort.
Contact Disney and find out if there are any available.
Sadly, I no longer feel our unique connection.
I will call you for assistance.
However, I cried when Simba's father died in the movie The Lion King, possibly because I was not taking mood stabilizing prescription drugs at the time.
Youtube has a lot of funny ads from the present too.
It's me trying to sound out how it goes.
Why isn't a hemorrhoid called an asteroid?
Your mama is so stupid she put out the cigarette butt that was heating your house.
If they do come back, I hope not. Good Luck
My friend said that if you learn the simplest four notes, you will be able to play the entire song.
Ask him out if you like him.
I do not have one favorite movie.
I am uncertain if I want to keep the baby or not. What are your thoughts?
I believe their names were Heather and Heidi. They were great athletes.
He is handsome for an older man.
My name is Chuck Norris.
My cat may eat my bird if it flaps its wings.
"She is like the wind" is from the movie Dirty Dancing.
I hope this is not a trick question, but I am thinking two.
I guess he is a good enough looking guy, his wife is a goddess though!
I am very fond of the show and continue to watch the re-runs.
The police officer states your picture is on it.
"Charlie & the Chocolate Factory" was very entertaining and I have provided a link to more movies featuring the actor.
Absolutely not and I feel you are an idiot in posing the question.
Meeting people along the way does not mean they stay with you, therefore, it is you alone.
What if a dead person escaped from a cemetery?
Enter many talent shows.
My son loves it and I also think it is endearing.
Tell me about your funny dreams, everyone.
How does he have the nerve to call her children "orphans"?
There have been many hints of the stories about Archie marrying Betty.
It is equally offensive to everyone.
I am going to see them in May and I can not wait.
I know it sounds weird, but try the Goodwill store.  They have tons of fancy goods that people don't want anymore.
Dress her up to look like a Choirboy.
I watch the show because I think that Tom Welling is so attractive!
My favorite books are Naruto books.
Your mother is so stupid. she put lipstick on her forehead and said that she was trying to makeup her mind!
My husband got me interested, but I haven't watched very much of this season.
Yes, I suppose. No, I have seen better.
I am sure you are upset. I don't know who originally sang it.
Perhaps I am ignorant, but I did not get it.
When I was nine, I received Milli Vanilli for my birthday.
Have you ever heard of Kleenex?
I know that you'll say you've seen funnier, but it still makes me laugh.
I was once told that I resembled Timothy Hutton, but I was young then.
To me, it is extremely confusing and more like a miniature film.
Never tell anyone you know - otherwise, you will never live it down!
There's nothing we can do if he's such a strict vegan that he can't even consume animal crackers.
I like the Jennifer Song called "I Have Nothing".
If it's true that she's 5'9", her twin children will be giants!
My grandmother is very severe with her cane.
I chose the Gilmore Girls because I think they are sarcastic.
I believe that it turns red when he is angry and yellow when he is cold.
Vince Vaughn is hilarious and attractive.
Your mother is so unintelligent that when they mentioned playing Craps, she retrieved the toilet paper.
If that photo is of you, I think 15 shots of 151.
Yes, they are all right - a good song, correct?
Because in one of her songs, she discusses saying "no" to sexual pressure from her boyfriend.
I have three: gjkcenvb, typlmkeg, and jhdenbds.
Before it was not an egg so Chicken!
For modern music Paranoid Android by Radiohead.
You so need to rent the sweetest thing!
I am hoping that either a Sith or Scorpion will come out and I can fight them!
I am not sure, but I think she did it for the fame.
I would be inclined to say Brad Pitt, if he had not broken-up with Jennifer Aniston.
She could trick-or-treat over the telephone.
It is nothing that a little kryptonite would not fix.
I think she is going to break up with him.
Definitely Kellie, Katharine, Chris, and Ace.
"The Mask." I have seen it more than one hundred times and it still amuses me.
Very close camping quarters, theft was common, and about ten children died from overdosing.
None, but free airfare, hotel, and paid meal/daytime expenses.
Use Kazza or Limewire, and also Eztrackz.
I'm somewhere in between, it is the best of both worlds.
You can not rate them because they are all good movies.
If you burn them as audio CD's it will make them a .cda; Some players still will not play CDRs however.
I do not agree with you.
He said, "If your are going to play the game, boy, you have to learn to play it correctly".
If you must ask, then the answer is no.
Because they want you to buy 40 of each: four packages of hot dogs and eight packages of buns.
Not everyone hates him, but I do not like him very much.
Also, she is a mentally unstable woman.
The order is: 1) Chris Brown, 2) Bow Wow, and 3) Omarion.
In my opinion, you should make one yourself.
I do not really want answers that say "Oh, that is sweet, just follow your dreams" or something similar; Do you understand what I mean?
Where would I be able to find the "Aladdin" cartoon series available on DVD?
If one brick weighs one and a half pounds and you have one and a half bricks, then the answer would be two and a quarter pounds.
That depends entirely on what type of websites you enjoy.
These animation studios often write plots in which the characters are orphaned.
He assumes that people need good comedy.
I enjoy hip-hop, rap, rock 'n roll, and popular music, but my favorite genre of music is R&B.
Yes, because he is Chan.
I do,and I am way over seventeen
Great voice, and easy on the eye.
Who could come up with so many V words?
My sister resembles Karishma Kapoor, an extremely well-known Hindi film celebrity.
Also, undoubtedly, the comic strips were and shall continue to be awe-inspiring!
This is one method for preventing it from entering your system. Refrain from stupidity and utilize it!
Anything that inspires positive feelings.
A moment, more or less, from then.
The egg is frowning and it looks a bit pissed off.
He can't even wipe his own butt but he can speak intelligently?
Alan Moore is whining that it's not.
I love the guitar player and when they play solos.
Did you really pay money to see that?
I hope you love them - they're the most attractive boys out there!
Even with Norton AntiVirus, I am able to access pornography.
If she is not interested, it is her loss.
You do not understand, because you are blonde.
What is the reason for that style?
Look to see if the baby is salivating out of both sides of his mouth.
Why limit yourself to one choice?
You want a man that knows what he wants and also treats you well.
I was just talking about faith.
The Diary of a Mad Black Woman is funny.
It is a tune.
It helps that there is a handsome man as a star in it.
I would use three or four logs.
I like Lynn, because she is the funniest.
It is never free to use an online ringtone.
SAW was ten times better than SAW2.
Your mother is rather unintelligent as she believed a lawsuit was something you wear to court.
I had Milli Vanilli and a compilation of Air Supply songs.
What about a romantic film, in other words, a "chick flick?"
He asks again, slightlly irritated, until a female replies, "Nope."
Of course, she is not the smartest. Her husband does not even love her because she is weak.
How good of a president do you think he would be?
I worry when you get to me.
What kind of animation do you do?
I do not like RBD either; They are older men and housewives dressing as high school students.
Maya's husband Darnell because he is very attractive.
Do you mean all the actors who have ever played the role of Superman?
Make one that will make you happy and make your pet bird excited.
The simple plan of course is that you best like them.
I like that song "True Love Waits."
I am just happy that Gideon Guy is gone, he was frustrating.
It turned me into a human hose pipe.
Tupac wouldn't go for that person.
I hope it doesn't eat your brain from the inside, out.
I think that he would be liked a lot more if he were not so outspoken about politics.
Try Limewire.com; It is free but you have to download it.
Animal crackers are baked to be delicious and cute.
It's one of my favorites.
You might not of read Doyle Brunsen's excellent book yet.
I didn't get to choose them in the first place.
I just watched that movie.
I do not know and did not see it.
It depends on what kind of music you like. If you like rap, you should listen to "My Unborn" by 2PAC.
That is the stupidest thing I have ever heard.
I know that they are called "udders."
I want to play CDs in my car's CD player and in my walkman.
Your mother is so stupid she sold her car for gasoline money!
I am a woman and I enjoy lesbian porn.
Do not worry, I support you!
I would probably drunk everything in the bar to even find you attractive.
Sorry, I did not see it, yet. But, every one else ruined it for me.
This is a strange question; I do not like either of them, however Salvador Dali is certainly more talented.
Yes. Can I ask how you put the beans on top of the frank?
I assume they can not eat Gummi Bears as well.
Citizens should not have to feel afraid of the governement. The government should be afraid of the reactions of citizens if it is in the wrong.
They are simply interested in expressing themselves, and creating a lively tune.
Thank you for the thought, but I would not desire to have a funeral party in my honor.
The teams included a brunette team and a blonde team.
I do not intend to be mean, I am merely informing you.
She has the same amount of undesirable "tramp" characteristics as the others.
Cheech and Chong created "Up In Smoke."
I have too many. However, 'Maroon 5' and 'Lifehouse' are my absolute favorites, including all their songs.
I am a fan of his music. It is sad that people accuse him of molesting children.
You like the song which just so happens to their most popular.
It is a bit sad, since I grew up with one.
I do not find this attractive and recommend you research Ville Valo or Bam Margera to view a physically attractive man.
I have worked with yachts for 30 years and I have encountered many celebrities.
My choices would be Milli Vanillie, Vanilla Ice, and Snow.
If you are going to play the game you must learn to play correctly.
Now, there are hundreds of thousands of males in existence dreaming of an opportunity to date her.
Rabbit feet only are effective for people, not the rabbit they stemmed from.
Techno simply grasps ahold of your spinal cord and forces it to dance.
This is rather humorous, but it has perverted humor.
It is a completely feminine show.
I also onced worked in government.
One male asks me, "So, where is the fox from Mystic Pizza?"
If she has a cane, then you can run and not be concerned with her catching you.
I still am, and Aaliyah was a good singer; I miss them both.
Your mother is rather unintelligent, she believed Chuby Checkers was an event for obese people.
We are trying to be happy.
You win my love, little by little.
I apologize, I have never heard of it.
Watch the movie Resevoir Dogs.
I would have to say "White Chicks" and "Dumb and Dumber".
Two pigs lying in bed watching "Deliverance" would be a good cartoon for Gary Larson.
Jerry Springer because David Letterman is too afraid.
No, I am sure that Paris or Mandisa will win.
Thank you; I am also bisexual so that is why I asked.
The choice would be The Rock for passionate romance.
And just because you met them during your travel, does not signify they traveled with you.
Yes, when I do need quite a bit of assistance.
Two requirements are that it must be an mp3, and be able to be played on itunes.
The perfect man knows who I am and approves.
So far I have not heard that she returned to Arkansas.
He has been travelling the world and became an adult with many postcards.
Why are all these men being rude about my girlfriend?
Those would be "Rubber Soul," "Revolver," and "Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band."
Wow, that was a hard one.
I love Harry Potter.
I do not know but I think they would be just as pathetic sounding as the Rolling Stones are now.
How do you mean, let you get to you?
My kids and I love that show!
He made me dinner.
I listen to them every morning.
The Genie said they have 3 wishes, one for each of them.
Have you ever listened to the band Mad Season? If not, you should.
It is fun reading them and remember the positive things.
Girls feel like they have to be like celebrities or no one will like them.  That is just not true.
He is the goofball in all of us.
I do not/can not have an outgoing life.
I pretty much quit in my late twenties.
Please don't ask me to list all of them.
Some of my favorite films include "Manchurian Candidate" and "Mean Girls" and "Mona Lisa Smile."
He chose Sarah but, according to rumors, they were no longer dating.
I suggest you let him know that you want to marry him.
"Girlfriends" is one of my favorite shows.
Also, his girlfriend is a singer.
Best Buy has many hard-to-find movies and series.
Do we actually want them to get together?
You could also try "Wedding Crashers" or "The 40 Year Old Virgin."
Chely Wright performed "Shut Up and Drive."
A brunette female, a blonde, and person with red hair walked down a street.
She observed a blonde on the opposite side.
I hope that answers your questions.
He should treat me like a gentleman would, and behave roughly when needed.
I like them; also, they are adorable.
Now consider how many people he hurts by keeping all of his money for himself.
Second, I would choose Yellow Card, Simple Plan, Bowling for Soup, and finally, Red Hot Chili Peppers.
I believe that celebrities are horrible influences.
There is a funny joke for a rap.
Tom Cruise is in it which I feel makes it a poor movie.
I do not know but they will look well together.
She has more movies, what does Katie have? I believe it is three.
She used to be a role model for little girls.
I would really appreciate an answer.
I don't look back which is another song written by Gary.
Who are you searchign for? Is it me?
And just tried to pull those dangling items!
I did not realize that you were a cop as well.
Oh really? Is it two-dimensional or three-dimensional?
I am a pure vegetarian, however, and I love them.
I don't know, however, that is quite an excellent tune.
I wager he would be more beneficial than Bush.
Sample purevolume.com. They feature mp3 downloads at no charge.
A man that went to my husband's school - ready? - "Urine Sample."
I missed it last night, but I want to see Kevin go.
Hey - I just got an MP120 and I am seeking good sites (free or paid) from which to download music.
Is this zombie your boyfriend?
Scientology rituals and rules strike me as very strange.
Jessica is just a silly minion of Paris.
Mosquitoes stop sucking blood once you slap them away.
Name your favorite movie actress or actor.
I heard that horseback riding is fairly risky and that Christopher Reeve actually dies from it.
I do not like them because they sound fairly awkward to me.
Here is a note for Hollywood, "Stop remaking classics."
Do you perhaps mean the 1960's "The Apartment"
I am unsure, maybe you will be able to find it in her website.
The brick will not follow you after you lay it.
I attempted to do a gun the otehr day, it was not mine.
I believe they are somtimes, I do not think you should center your life around them.
I believe that if you are very famous, you will not have enough time to sit here and respond to questions.
One of those to consider is Aishwarya rai, an Indian celegrity.
There were a lot of appealing items in the 1990s.
I just wanted you to know that I love Superman!
I record a lot of shows, but I also watch DVDs.
Yes, I watched it and I loved it.
I love Green Day and I am a big fan.
I do not think that is funny and I don't think that she will appreciate it either.
I think they are a pretty good band and I I like them a little bit.
It is unfortunate for Alex's ego to destroy Guns n' Roses, which was our generation's version of Rolling Stones.
I prefer Tyra as she is more physically appealing.
It is desirable to be in a relationship with a man who treats his partner respectfully while standing up for himself.
A very close friend of mine is a Cap.
The answer is three if you are referring to the number of band members, although there are two 'z's in ZZ Top.
Many of my friends think about them as well.
Do you know good places to become a movie star in New England?
I like a guy that may be a bit of a bad boy with tattoos et cetera.
Your mother is so fat when she gets thrown in the air she gets stuck!
I think his name was Edwin Starr.
Pretty big, if you are chewing Bubblicious.
All I need is money and love.
It is saying that he promises not to leave or betray her.
It is really eight miles.
I like "Angel Baby" as remixed by Mr. Kapony since it reminds me of my sweetheart.
Everyone who says they love American Idiot is wrong.
I assume, you're a republican.
Does anybody know the url?
That way you dump him first.
Anyone could of stated that.
I'm first, after me, I guarantee at least ten more.
Raveena Tandon has been known to throw a mean punch.
What about when John Wayne kicks Bruce Dern in "The Coyboys"?
It takes some time to get use to it.
Use a tissue and throw it away.
He sounds like a nice man!
They know that they are not getting a good seat.
" I ate the chicken and then I ate his leg" is from a Beastie Boys song, maybe Egg Man.
Otherwise AC/DC, they kicked ass and Bon Scott is the coolest singer of all time.
7the Heaven is ok but it isn't relatable at all.
Just imagine what this person can do and he or she can get away with it.
Speedy Gonzales was annoying and Tom and Jerry were too innocent.
"Slither" and "Stay Alive" are good movies.
I went to St. Ives; the man and all his problems were going the other way.
If it is like most, they should replace their advertising agency.
When he cleaned the ashtray in the den, then shouted: "Did it for you, sweetpea!"
This questiong reminds me of that song.
I like Tinkerbell.
My favorite is George Clooney. He is very good looking.
It is time to move on.
You can only accomplish this with a sharing program such as Limewire.
I enjoy it and Veronica Mars.
Please do not attribut what I told you to me.
And thank you again, "From Buffalo, NY."
Your age. That one is old.
Rie-Rie definitely deserves the points on this one. Good work!
Did you know that the Beta team from YA are all wanting to answer these questions.
I do not think so.   I am more of just throwing a reasonable name out there instead of giving my honest opinion.
No, the Banjo playing would not.
Lin took the words right out of my keyboard.
Yes, I tried that one in another costume, not Mickey, I just smile when somebody takes a picture of me.
I love both of the girls, especially Aaliyah, They are in heaven smiling down.
From men McCartney and Girls like Lindsay Lohan.
I would say Chris Ace or Taylor for the men, and Mandisa, Katherine, Lisa for the women.
That is funny. My family is not anything like that.
Do you feel that way about him, or his music, or both?
If there were to be a fist fight between the two, The Rock would win.
Not the same level of awkwardness as a random undisciplined child bawling regarding his father and skateboard!
I viewed some information on television that indicated he did, is that an actual fact?
Hopped onto the bandwagon and rendered the word so unfocused that it hardly has a definition any longer.
I adore Abercrombie and My I.D.
Paris Hilton is not a good celebrity.
Maybe you can use these next year.
Is your question: How much does it weigh?
Are you a fan of them?
I would say Red Hot Chili  Peppers, Simple Plan, Bowling for Soup, Yellow Card or Fallout Boy.
I am almost certain that it was Kiss.
I would say Friday, Next Friday, Friday after Next, or White Chicks.
The blonde digs in her purse and cannot find it. She then asks, "What does my license look like?"
That is my and my boyfriend's song.
What do you mean by bad things?
"Snoopy Come Home" was the best.
I am unsure, but perhaps it is a matter of jealousy.
I did not used to watch his movies because I did not think he was good looking.
I have and still do love Green Day since Dookie.
My brother looks like an ugly Kathy Bates.
He could possibly be strange, but he is not a bad person.
Your mother is so stupid that she stole free bread.
Get a webcam, record yourself, and put it on YouTube.
Be serious; Chris's number looked like an encore at a Genesis concert.
I am going to choose the cow.
An intoxicated man makes a rude remark.
We spell "color" as "colour" and put the emphasis on the "C" rather than the "O" in "Colin Powell."
I enjoy Lonely Nation and Golden.
I believe it is at the end of the third film.
I used to love him, but I do not anymore.
Roll them into a tight ball and flick the ball.
Who sings "Can't Touch This" in Charlie's Angels Full Throttle?
He could only hear the person breathing in and out.
He needs to respect me and my people.
He needs to keep his hands where they belong.
I do not know, but dubbing is unpleasant.
"8 Mile" is good but old.
I am not homosexual, just to let you know, but you should already know that Beyonce will always be more attractive.
You could try researching it on Google.  You could also try Best Buy and Blockbuster.
Either Full House or Fresh Prince of Bel-Air.
Does anyone know a website for a casting call?
It all depends on where you are getting your horoscope from.
My favorite band is Sublime.
I also love the song "Stupid Girls".
He leaves, but never goes home.
I think the man who invented the names suffered from ADD.
"Yo mama's so stupid, she tried to mail a letter with food stamps."
I like Classic Rock but will listen to anything but Rap, never got into it.
count me in, and I do not remember the names.
Only a guy would do this.
Your singing sounds like yelling.
It depends on your definition of a miracle.
it is Paris Hilton, but I do not like either one of them.
It was not not on because of the game and there will not be another episode until March 27, I can not wait!
Your mother is so stupid that she thought a quarterback was an income tax refund.
Your mother is so unintelligent that she was hit by a cup and told the police that she was mugged.
I am very glad, Stacie!
We will go on a picnic
My behind is burnt already, wow you are smelling great!
What is your favorite movie, and why?
I truly loved "Bewitched," "Elf," and all his other movies.
Wait; are you gay?
He is hanging; is that actually water at his feet?
He probably made a comment such as: "We're not real."
Jessica Simpson is a blithering simpleton.
The reason is because Kevin and Katherine are getting suspicious.
It is probably Natasha Bedingfield or James Blunt. But I do not like either.
He will not have another hit album.
I like watching them with my boyfriend.
That is impressive- I might try that!
The Nightmare on Elm Street series used to be scary, and I like horror movies.
Limewire is a free service.
My favorite band is Dream Theater and my favorite song is constantly changing.
I am pretty positive that it was him.
It is a form of entertainment and a silly competition.
I loved her and she will remain amazing to me. I hope she rests in peace.
The parents stop and his mom quickly dismounts, pulling the covers around her.
I have a VHS I never use. So, DVD's are in and will be for a long time to come.
There is too much sexual content and cursing in rap music.
He got so scared that he jumped and ended up having a heart attack.
He said, "He was an evil man".
I like that she is funny but they make her a little slutty and she is a freeloader.
A Southern Gentleman for a Southern Belle.
Zap, the dead guy in the room, was the main killers accomplice.
The website used to say something about the sequel, but I am not sure of when it is coming out.
I do not want an opinion.  I need the source from where you got it.
Just the stars, him and I.  He would be my sex slave going where no man has ever gone before. I know it is so cliche'.
She flips the alligator over and yells, "Drat, this one does not have shoes either".
When you both just sit there, doing nothing but watching television or something of the like.
Who ridicules an orphan?
An example: John likes collecting manga directly from Japan.
Until the next season of the show.
I still feel as though I'm picking myself up off the floor.
Just pretend that you have done it before, and prove yourself strong.
That means that all of them have green dots.
Who do you think is better?
Yes, I feel that I am an attractive person.
I do not have a favorite band, but my favorite singer is Mariah Carey.
She is a good athlete and tomboy, but that does not make her a homosexual!
I am a huge Superman fan, but I am sure you can tell by now.
I do not know if everyone does, but I do!
My friends talk about me because I continue to blare his music in my apartment frequently.
Why do you only have one and a half bricks?
I believe they received the point.
Katie Holmes was once a nice Catholic girl, now she's a Scientologist.
DVDs have taken over the world.
Personally I do not like one artist over another.
There is no such thing.
I think that Gretchen Wilson is pretty.
Randy is a bit weird at times, Paula seems to be wimpy, and Simon seems to be cruel, at times.
It simply made no sense to me.
Never believe deceptive illusions.
Right now I'm watching "Never Been Kissed".
I agree as I enjoy listening to it occasionally.
This is obviously hypothetical, although I am curious concerning other opinions.
This is similar to "Broke Back Mountain" for a young John Wanye.
I do have the cassette tape but I want to get that album on CD.
I am sure that you will both like it.
To stop the zombies from wandering around town.
No, but I know a guy.
Your boss likes you, maybe a little too much, exercise caution!
It is all about Fear Factor baby!
email me, maybe we can be friends!
What did the beaver say to the log?
I also thought that it was him, but I can not say for certain.
For everyone's hand to be raised, you would have to have had a green dot.
Not me, however I used to be in an orchestra.
I wipe them on the floor or the bed.
You can put her in a circular room and tell her to sit in the corner.
Your self image does not sound very good at all. You should work on it.
He just wanted to eat the mouse.
I find this man to be disgusting.
I am not conceited, but, I am pretty.
of course you should keep the baby it is your fault you wanted to play but now you gotta pay.
If Floyd could do it I am sure the Beatles could yoko or no yoko.
Sleepy, Grumpy, Doc, Sneezy, Happy, Dopey, and Bashful are the seven dwarves!
Tell them the phone bill and rent are due!
Shoot, they have turned into long jokes What has seven arms and sucks?
One muffin looks to the one sitting next to him and says, "Gee, it is becoming very hot in here!"
I would not ask either of them to leave my bed.
He had best not let her go.
I mean no offence but your photographed looks messed up, and if you dress that way people may think you are a homosexual.
I have the newest one and I am able to get movies, music, pictures, and documents.
Just go out and buy the soundtrack!
And she needs to seek real employment!
Can someone who really understood that movie let me know what it was about?
"Everything She Does Is Magic," by The Police.
Pilot, Inspector, and Rainbow are celebrity children's names.  There are some other ones, but I cannot remember them.
What did we do to these guys to turn them so violent.
The Cure has love songs and most of their music is pretty dark.
I like Rhythm and Blue music.
If makes me quite happy because I like Jim Carrey.
He does not require a single change.
Your mother is so slow here shoes are labeld TGIF, which stands for "toes go in front."
I desire to meet my favorite bands and I am very fond of rap music, especially Reliant K.
Another option is the Toronto Zoo answer of "Woodchucks can't chuck wood," which is not a high quality answer.
The chicken expresses the sound "weeee" while approaching the end.
I have not lost an item so far.
I liked Rudy when she was a little girl and Theo when he was a high school student!
I am sure it is an interestingshow, but I just never liked it much.
I will always remember TLC because they made the anthem for girls, "I don't want no Scrub"!
I like Joan because she is the most like me.
He gave us a song to keep dreaming with and a lot of us do.
It depends on how much gum you chew and the brand.
I know I am quoting Showgirls but it is apt here.
I do not believe that she was ever that way.
You do not truly wish to meet women in bars, and I hope you have fun this weekend.
You are not that way, you simply lack self-confidence.
Try to download the app 360 share onto your computer.
It depends on who the older person is and why they are beating me with a cane.
In China, they have The Rizza, The Jizza, and the Ghost Face Killer.
Other than that, I cannot think of anyone else.
Are you talking about MPH or RPM?
Your mother is so stupid, she was stabbed in a shoot-out.
"Texas Chainsaw Massacre" has a new version.
But, if you have cash, buy a Taylor or Martin.
Forget it, you wouldn't understand, well at least I still have my Peggy Sue, Peggy Sue?
I do, it is an awesome show.
How come no one mentioned evil Dead!
Jesus Christ looks like me!
Perhaps you are referring to people in uniform?
Therefore, it must be the chicken.
My conflict resolution style is based in passivity.
It is simple; excellent romantic films include Shakespeare In Love and Romeo & Juliet.
Paris Hilton is not far behind.
He has a little swat to his walk.
Well, so much for guessing yours.
Your mother is so ugly, the cops gave her a ticket for indecent exposure.
You must be too young, otherwise, you would certainly know.
It looks interesting to me, but what is it about?
I do not know or care.
They are not floozies because Jessica is a declared genius.
They constantly had pizza around, too!
All of my votes are going to Taylor Hicks, though.
What were you and dad doing there?
I think you meant psychic.
I love Smallville, so of course I want to watch it.
One of the songs on the playlist is 1,2, step by Ciara.
Two points were scored on that shot.
Paris is not simple-minded, her Intelligent Quotient is around 145.
Maybe the relationship never started because you did not talk or go out with each other.
You will not go wrong if you watch this one.
I know who Bam is.
I love the sound of the two together.
Do you know the drummer from Blink 182?
I think it is forever or something like that.
Call information and they will give it to you in a second.
I prefer Adam Sandler and Rob Thomas due to my femininity.
I can not sleep and I must know.
I suppose the inference is Simon's preference for blondes.
My intention is to question who will be afraid of beautiful women?
For me it's definitely Jessica Alba and Angelina Jolie.
I loved all the charachters and Bill Cosby was so funny without being crude.
I do not know who Ville is.
I do not think he loves her.
I am not a fan of either.
Celebrities are why there are so many anorexic girls.
How would you feel if someone held a funeral party for you when you are sixty or seventy years old?
I am currently listening to it.
Angelina Jolie is more sexually attractive.
Why do you not urge the television management?
Your mother is so unintelligent that she went to Disneyland, saw a sign saying, "Disneyland Left," then turned around and went home.
What were you and Dad doing?
I really enjoy them because they are so attractive. Are there other "dawgs" out there who love Blink-182?
I just saw it last week.
It is so funny; that is why I love it.
No one knows. Perhaps it was simply their time.
If that's the case, can't you wait a bit longer?
The boss asked his wife's name during the interview.
I don't want to seem boastful, but I'm pretty awesome!
Isn't it in Missouri?
I think it awful that she stole Brad fron Jennifer, but I pick Angelina.
I thought Naomi Watts had an odd dress that looked a little too big.
Rap and rock music makes my head ache.
I would love to see either of them win.
Together, my father and I have purchased about a thousand items.
Tom Welling looks a lot like the vocalist of the All-American Rejects.
I do not think that I hate him.
I do not even need to be gay.
What kind of person throws a funeral party?
Thank you for allowing me to complain about this absolutely terrible band.
I would definitely choose My Chemical Romance, for certain.
I do not trust anyone who cannot find at least one Sublime song to like.
Tell him that you believe you may be pregnant.
Duran Duran, Madonna (one-woman band!), Alabama, Exile, and I cannot forget Air Supply.
I do not believe "yo mama" is stupid at all.
You will need to take guitar classes.
I will not let you get to me, either.
The blonde who was in the boat stated that it was "like a sea of wheat".
Do not let it get to you.
He is abusinessman and he decides to spend his money on whatever he wants.
Hoopz was not interested in Flav whatsoever.
Stop attempting to be someone you are not and go out and live.
Both actressses are horrible, Paris is not very smart, is promiscuous and does not have any talent while Jessica is just plain idiotic.
The last song of Madonna's that I liked was American Pie.  I think her time is almost up.
I do not believe Britney Spears is obtuse, even though some of the things she does are obtuse.
It is one of the best songs out there.
Depending on the gum you chew.
I like "So Sick" by Ne-Yo.
He has to be a gentleman because he has to have a good job that pays good money.
She is the greatest talk show host I have ever watched.
Kevin, I do not really watch American Idol.
Beyonce is younger and she can dance better.
Especially when the chicken chases the guy in the end.
I do not even consider that one a song.
Oh yeas and he is very captivating.
I have four favorite bands.  Aerosmith, Def Leopard, AC/DC, and Boston.
I think he's a bit too excited.
I think Jennifer Love Hewitt is great. Also, her birthday is only a day after mine!
What is the appeal of sounding British?
That's why some people dislike him.
I do not think there is a chord like that.
Put "IcyHot" or "Bengay" in his underwear, or on his deodorant.
You mother is so stupid, she thought she needed a token to get on the show "Soul Train."
Do you prefer 50 Cents' film "Get Rich or Die Tryin'," or Eminem's "8 Mile?"
A desirable gift for one's wife might be a pocket taser stun gun.
It would be enjoyable if they did a special reunion episode or something similar, as a I truly enjoy that show.
What are you doing in that area? We ought to leave.
Zack Efron is the mostr attractive man alive today.
That Burger King is completely unsavory.
While I do not, many people do.
You can post your information for free.
I am so excited about the new movie.
If you do not like them, please do not answer.
I am fond of Lucius Malfoy.
Tonto looked at The Lone Ranger and stated "Doctor say you gonna die".
It costs ten dollars per ticket to go to the movies and that is done multiple times per week.
Your mother is so overweight that her baptism had to take place at SeaWorld.
Rachel, was it Into My Heart?
Then I changed to Nsnyc now I'm onto Stephen Speaks.
They are obviously stupid, not just confused!
Moriaty etc, but who did the Peruvian play?
well it is not really a book I guess but it is kind of a long comic.
I'll be different and say vagina.
What is the name of the movie?
No, they're one of the best bands out there!
We call it a muu muu, but she calls it lingerie.
How can you tell if a blonde has used the computer?
I was surprised to find that anyone else could care about it.
Sometimes I come home relatively late.
I like Green Day's "Boulevard of Broken Dreams" and "Wake me up when September Ends"
She used to sing with the group MPeople
Rock we heard a lot of great rock stars, but not very many great rap singers.
My little brother would ask a question like that.
Jason Momoa from "Baywatch", "Hawaii", and "North Shore".
I loved all of the CB movies and specials.
Yes, there is a reset button.
They make you think about the person you are with, and make you love them more than you already did.
I would prefer a bad boy with a gentleman side.
California Girls By David Lee Roth, formerly with Van Halen
It is one of the best original movies that I have ever seen.
With a great deal of therapy, he/she may even walk again.
Oh, Greenday what happened to you?
Also, I read an article claiming she was one of the highest-paid actresses.
I don't think it's a very intelligent show.
Your mama's so stupid, she thought the "internet" was used for catching fish!
He's like a fine wine - he improves with age!
Well, as a longtime Def Leppard fan, I would choose any or all of them!
I must have seen it in 1986 or something I barely remember all the details. Can somebody help?
I believe that would be M.C.
perfect answer, don't you think so?
Good question, Simon kinda stumped me with that one too.
I have seen every episode.
Must I provide greater detail?
You are accurate.
Two that are very good are Big Fish and Chronic Future, and then there are the classics such as AC/DC.
You should talk to Disney employees.
I am not really too fond of Billie.
Your mother is so stupid, she took a spoon to the Super Bowl.
Your mother is so stupid, that she sold the car for gas money.
There are not any words that rhyme with orange.
It is a good band with strong vocals and lyrics.
I recommend trying Aries, which is the one I was using.
If you supply your home address I can you a better one.
I enjoyed that motion picture and liked looking at Brad Pitt in it.
I cannot say I watch him frequently.
Are there any famous people on here?
Go to the website limewire.com and download it.
Captain Picard, because I appreciate bald men and his accent.
This does happen, as in "Batman," when he was recovering and the blond man took over for a time.
He has the heart of a gentleman.
The brunette team leader asks the blonde team leader, "What are you guys doing?"
Alternatively, the second easiest way to win is by cheating.
Taylor Hicks is infectious with great talent.  He is my favorite.
Would someone be able to assist me?
I love it because I love the show.
It reminds me of an old Beatles song.
Purple and music, I believe are two.
He is crawling around without feet.
The movie is, "Double Teamed".
I am with a gentleman and he does not take anything from anyone.
Why is he not incarcerated?
Yes, he stood on a block of ice.
The Joker first appeared in the comic, "Batman #1," in 1940.
By the way, I do believe it is sung in French.
I cannot wait to ask my husband!
The other thing you for is does he give good feedback.
Rap forever, I also like metal, rap rock, such as Linkin Park. Plain rock is not my thing.
"Oh, I don't know," said the man.
You have to listen to the song carefully.
A girls owns a chicken and goes on the roller coaster with it.
I'm sorry, I do not know what you are referring to.
She is not the best singer.
I enjoy Maya because she is sarcastic and down to earth.
I just told you the answer.
There is one ZZ in ZZ Top.
Any movie Chuck Norris is in is a horror movie!
I hope not, because that is looking scary as ever
Why post an old joke like that?
They did not do anything with it though, maybe it is a future storyline?
Independence Day is somewhat more science fiction but can also be considered a disaster film.
No one had to worry about the chicken any longer.
I gave him a cane with a bicycle horn attached to it and he thought it was uproariously funny.
I think more people listen to rap these days.
I am looking forward to a little love, some wine and spending time with my man.
I can still recall a dream than I experienced when I was about ten years old.
Didn't you realize that you already have a Star Wars name?
She is attractive and is a talented musician; I am a music fan and have all of her albums as well as those by Destiny's Child.
I enjoy Janis Joplin's rendition of "Cry, Cry Baby."
Is that going to happen after four thousand years?
I am looking for female impersonator clothing for viewing and purchasing.
Check out this website, they list a lot of TV sitcoms on DVD.
Your mother is so stupid, she put her phone up her butt and thought she was making a promiscuous phone call.
I like two songs, but the rest is garbage.
I am fond of older men who do not have hair and he is cute.
It wasn't the funniest, but it was a great moment.
How many women played the drums?
Chris is going to be the winner.
I am fond of his music.
tell him you think you are pregnant but the kid is not his.
National Lampoons Christmas Vacation is so funny.
Just like in the new HBO show Big Love.
Flav is a lot older than her.
Yes I was good but now I am evil.
Have you ever seen Father of the Bride with Steve Martin in it?
It was sung by a girl I need you more and more or something like that.
What are some good songs, no white songs like Metallica.
It must have been the chicken.
I stopped listening.
Beastie Boys. I am merely kidding. Bone Thugs-n-Harmony.
It is not that they are embarrassing as much as that they are very bad.
If Geeta is Ram, then who is Ram?
The ghost rider has a bit of evil in him as he is from hell.
The blonde insulted the other blond by mentioning how stupid she was on the highway.
You have two one-and-a half bricks. Thus, one-and-a half times one-and-a half is two and a quarter.
I think the crazy guy that tried to frame Tony made an appearance on last night's episode of NCIS.
How does a Catholic girl become pregnant.
How many songs, artists, and albums?
I can pick up things with my toes, it really grosses out my husband.
She is definitely not the same anymore.
So I guess yours is not the only one.
I'm just asking because people act like they don't care about them anymore.
The year 1961, looks the same if you flip it upside down.
I want to know what people think because I sure feel that way.
You decide but I would say yes.
What kind of question is that?
Can you see him in that awful green-striped rugby shirt?
A few weeks later they got a postcard from him.
I do not, but my wife loves it.
If it is an old car then you should roll the window down; otherwise, unlock the door.
Seventh Heaven has young children and other problems similar to that.
She has become pathetic, and she is there.
I tap on my steering wheel and whatever else I can find!
No, but Peter Gabriel was in Genesis.
Please get in touch when you can.
It just happens naturally, it has happened to me before.
There are muffins baking in an oven.
That is gross, it has drool all over it!
How do you stop burglars from breaking in your house?
How many hits has she had?
I would have to say WIll Farrell.
I think that he is extremely inviting.
I love the Hair Metal; Motley Crue, Poison, Cinderella, Faster Pussycat, Slaughter, etc.
My favorite classic is, The Golden Girls.  That is considered classic, correct?
They were aware that you were unintelligent and had a drug problem.
Everyone gets a chance to ride her.
It is funny at sixty, but it is not funny at eighty.
He makes it easy to hate him.
I knew that you would ask that.
ABBA of course because they were the best in the past. I do not think so, they have lost their popularity.
I need help on this research project.
I know how to read tablature.
I am pleased that this responsibility has fallen to me.
The answer is "no" with respect to her, if she survives, and all of her family members.
I believe her name is Rudy, and she would be acceptable because she is a good student.
I enjoy it because it provides me with an enjoyable activity and I am disabled due to Chron's disease.
I find her to be adorable in a way because she comes across as a man stealer.
I was not even aware they all existed.
I do not know, but I want that as well, from the end of the movie. Try searching online.
He used to be a hard rock-and-roller.
She's only famous because her family is wealthy.
I admire Kirstie Alley. She's cool, she's a good actress, and she doesn't let little things bother her.
She's a great actress. I think she has a lot of potential.
What is a good tool for mixing songs?
It would be very wrong.
She dies in episode 310, "Losing the Light"; It is very sad.
That was a less than professional way to approach the situation.
I have heard this riddle before.
That said, Aerosmtih, AC/DC, Van Halen, and Metallica are all quite accomplished as well.
I do not care about the question, but you are rather rude.
He is simply incredible, I mean to say that he is breath-taking.
He is quite attractive, and I do not understand why Hermione will not stay with him.
He simply gave his opponent an intimidating glance and proceeded.
Any movie with Jim Carrey in it.
It would be more preferable if you could sing the song in front of her.
I frequently propel deluxe frankfurters at my grandmother.
I attempted to enjoy his company but cannot.
Yes, I like their songs, a lot.
It was a chicken, a hyena, and a jackal.
The third one is also good. I felt it was too long.
I would use the baseball bat to break the window.
Queen Amadala and Anakin of course.
Capricorn has the kind of drive that Scorpio respects.
I like their music but way too many tattoos for me.
Does gay still mean happy?
Tomboys are not lesbians.
I like Monk, The Dukes of Hazzard, Miami Vice, and the Simpsons.
I like almost all rock music, though.
I love "I Caught Fire" by the Used.
I know the ways in whild they could have made it significantly worse.
Just turn it on and off.
LP also stands for "Linkin Park."
Well, what do we have now?
Do not complain about being broken up with someone.
Rock. Modern rap is unappealing and has no rhythm.
Can you not simply rhyme the words with themselves?
The parents stop; his mother quickly gets down and pulls the covers around her.
"Yo mama" is so stupid, she takes two hours to watch "60 Minutes."
I have known people to urinate while still clothed.
My aunt recently sent me a CD with a wonderful tenor named Josh Groban.
Reattach it and try it again.
They are quite abundant here.
The color will be icy blue. You can see its breath, and there will be icicles on its nose.
I am just teasing. However, they are very attractive.
I would take Magic over Glow any day.
If anyone is able to help, thank you so much.
No, I believe that they are stupid.
I wish you luck in trying to hack my lock.
Do you think that having three people in a band is a good amount?
Is is Salmon or some other kind of fish?
Now you are able to get sleep.
Final Destination had a good plot woth bad acting. Saw is still my favorite.
He is funny and appears sweet.
You will have the experience to support it.
I lie Tyra but feel that I must choose Angeline Jolie.
Schindler's List is an excellent motion picture.
The boy tells the other he is wasting his time.
He will not say anything to the female parrot.
I called to say "I Love You
Ask her out on a date, treat her like a lady, and tell her she is the one you have been dreaming of.
I would not throw my chili cheese hotdog at her, but she is not going to beat me either!
However, I am writing music with a happier tone because of her!
Tyra Banks? I would not know for certain, since I have only seen the "Tyra Banks Show."
Orlando Bloom and Chad Michael Murray are both really attractive!
I believe they are true. I believe in ruling planets.
If I download songs by In Flames, will the RIAA be able to sue me?
I want to listen to music that I like but I am unaware of what to listen to.
I babysit, so I am unsure of the job market, but good luck in your search!
That woman is utterly rude and dishonest. She should be prosecuted for false advertising.
I have not heard of them, but the awards are quite funny.
Simply enjoy yourself and perhaps you will get lucky and end up winning.
I have seen that movie as well!
Lord of the Rings: Return of the King.
Say that you are pregnant but claim that it is from someone else.
Absolutely, Chris and Kelli all of the way!
Yes, I also heard that they broke up.
Yes he and his music are both very sexy.
I would say "The First Time Ever I Saw Your Face."
Who sings the song "I Don't Like the Looks of It"?
I personally do not believe in them.
Your mother is so stupid that she called Dan Quayle for a spell check.
I can do all the things that they do and I am not a scary little girl!
What do yu mean by that?
There was a rumor going around that he said that he really liked her.
A genetic super cool monster full of charm and humor and good looks smoking!
at what maximum speed a couple make love?
I was reading an answer of yours and I am impressed, you are cool.
also he looks creepy as hell?
She is just a useless slob making money over other people's troubles.
That would depend on the type of gum, or the chewing.
Of course, I know that was feeble.
I am probably the only person in this country who thinks Dave Chappelle is not funny.
The doctor was startled and wanted to know what I have been doing.
Of course, one of you would need to be the singer.
Please tell me where you come from.
It would be Oprah, of course, because she gives the best advice and has done so for a long time.
But all the same, I have liked them since I was a child.
I like how real Maya keeps things.
Selll the baby to the movies.
I believe it should not have a name, however, if I had to pick on, I would pick Jet.
Have you listened to the final song on the album Having a Roni?
Your mother is so unattractive she scared buzzards off of a meat wagon.
I want to make Fullmetal Alchemist Videos.
Beyonce cannot sing, dance, or act.  As for Rihanna, who is that?
Just a senseless, funny question.
Jerry must have picked up some skills after seeing all of those fights up close.
And people wonder why he is not married.
There is this song and I have no clue what it is.
I assume that most girls actually think "Wow, Carmen Electra looks good" and then move on.
Paris Hilton, however Jessica is right beneath her.
The musical genres I enjoy are: oldies, classic rap, rap, pop, and anything besides hard rock.
I am asking simply because some have it while others do not, although it seems somewhat preposterous.
I think they are a good pairing and I wish them all the best.
No, I don't think in Spanish. They're rap music have ridiculous content.
I'm famous for my hangar invention.
What's your question?
I think the title might be, Take That First Step?
Mix in some commonly know songs as well.
That is appealing to me but I'd like to have your reaction.
Although Saw II is a very gory movie, I liked it and also enjoyed Mean Girls and, because I have children, Shark Tale.
Anything is possible; all you have to do is use your imagination.
Even if you very much dislike that kind of music, you love Green Day.
My favorite actress is Julia Roberts; favorite actor is Jonny Depp.
If it comes to wits, then, George Clooney wins.
I do not like the Rock, but I really dislike George Clooney.
I duck behind the sofa as I say, "I don't really live here".
I met a girl who's name was Cherry Fudge.
Red Hot Chili Peppers are on fire currently.
It's very fun to read I've heard.
I enjoy original Nintendo, especially Super Mario Brothers.
There is nothing to drink.
He is just old, he did not die.
How is it that your friends do not know that show.
I am Elvis, have you heard of me?
I heard the Bjork and Chaney joke.
I do not like Nicole Kidman very much.  I also do not care if she came from here.
You mother is so doltish, she makes Beavis and Butt-Head look like Nobel Prize winners.
Can anyone tell me the title of the "Kill Bill" song that includes bang, bang?
"I am Sam" and "Hollywood, Bollywood".
Your mother is unintelligent to the point that if brains were dynamite, she would not have enough to blow her nose.
I enjoy listening to the Goo Goo Dolls and Relient K.
I hope you enjoy this one.
"Limewire" is a great site to download the latest music.
Taxes, inflation, gas, and my ego!
The key is that you fell asleep!
Although the three are one big movie.
I imagine you could find it at Blockbuster or any video store that sells children's videos.
You need to fall out, all the way!
I am not familiar with any of them.
She wanted to have children and she got married and I don't think she will regret the decision.
One bottle of Captain Morgan should be sufficient; I am heading up north and could meet you at the library.
You must be creative and find something to challange us.
That is very embarassing.
I love the rock bands U2, Bon Jovi, Coldplay, and Three Doors Down.
What is wrong with this girl?
I dislike it, and I can not take it any longer.
Shuichi likes to read manga books everyday.
Don't refer to them as a Christian band.
It's very easy to learn.
My personal favorite is "The Pleasure of my Company" by Steve Martin.
I like gentlemen, and I give thanks every day for the one I have.
I am kidding because I choose MC Hammer from when he had money and fame.
People are unintelligent, but did you see the movie Donnie Darko?
I am passionate about the guitar and drums!
Any move that Natalie Portman chooses is usually good because she has picked some great roles thus far.
The worst I've received was broken items.
Actually, I don't like them at all.
They're the greatest metal band ever.
I also own the Vanilla Ice CD.
As you know, they always find the most ridiculous things humorous.
If so, who are you, and why are you famous?
I enjoy her powers such as freezing and causing explosions.
I actually made this joke up.  I cannot tell if anyone thinks it is funny or not.
I think that both movies are bad.  If I am forced to choose one, it would be, "The Italian Job".
That is funny.  Girls need to be a part of everything.
Watching the calf suckle the mother.
You can get the movie on DVD if you want to see Shawn.
I do not think so.
It used to be something I enjoyed, but now I am repulsed by it.
That alone made the movie quite impressive.
Why then, are you wasting this question?
It is my favorite television program, second only to "The Simpson."
If they were indeed together, it did not last long.
The name of the film is "Under the Tuscan Sun" starring Diane Lane.
I am in my own little world where everyone likes me.
Why do some men think it is funny when they fart?
I hope you got the answer that you were looking for.
You know you do not miss a person when you see them and your eyes do not light up.
I have never tried it.
I hope they do not get married because he does not deserve her.
Was I supposed to pick one?
Let us get together yeah!
I loved her in the 80s though!
do they erase it all the time?
My favorite english song is a kiss from a rose by seal.
I fancy both of them but I still want to know what all of your opinions are.
I think I have a grasp of what is going on.
Anime is like manga in animation form.
My mother's zodiac is Taurus whereas my father's is Scorpio and despite this they are still very happy together, therefore my answer is 'Yes.'
I can try emailing this it to you and if that does not work you can always try the application "Limewire."
If they do not like him, that is fine.
He only wishes that he was able to have sex with you.
Probably AC/DC or Guns -N- Roses.
I have been wanting to try it again, because it sounded pretty good, in my opinion.
The song is, "Dirty Little Secret," by The American Rejects.
He did not want to be a bigamist.
The roommate rolled her eye and said, "Hello."
It is funny but very foolish.
She has great songs like, "Check Up On It," with Slim Thug.
What are we supposed to do?
I am looking for the movie, "Aladdin".
If they only ask for cash and will not use PayPal, then you could be defraud you.
I believe he was in his forties. I also know that he retired.
They may not be able to see anything to begin with.
I am happy that this question was finally asked.
Incorrect, I am a Scorpio.
I had no idea that there was going to be a sequel to Incredibles.
Eminem is a very attractive person.
He is often dirty and always seems to need a shave.
Record your best April Fools pranks here.
Drama Queen, I can not understand it myself.
I need to know the name of a particular movie from the 1980s.
I also used to be a fan.
Nothing short of a diamond ring will do.
I am not certain, however these two points put me at 1,001.
I remember the day that you would have said that someone had a large bottom, not a "booty".
I definitely do not want a "thug".
You should view it on Yahoo! Movies.
Do you have any recommendations on how to proceed?
The Shield, The Sopranos, Twin Peaks, The Simpsons, Smallville, and Nip/Tuck.
Hilariously, I actually purchased one.
I thought it was funny at first, but then it got old and stupid.
Read the numbers upside down and then right side up.
I have alot of people who say I am too.
What is the bosses whole name?
The Parent Trap is one of my favorite movies.
You're mother was able to get Bigfoot to take a picture of her.
It's either a coffin, or a headstone.
A genius can get people to buy into his idea, most people can't.
I simply do not comprehend Emo or Screamo.
Dead on arrival. Their relationship is classified as dead on arrival.
I have no genuine knowledge regarding children, however.
No knowledge whatsoever, I've attempted viewing, and I am simply unable.
The Click Five is my favorite because their songs are out of this World.
What is your favorite scene in "The Gilmore Girls".
I was wondering, how did that man stay in one place during the entire film?
It is because life never works out perfectly.
Hard to say, however, I am thinking either Keven, Bucky, or Melissa. Melissa got the lyrics incorrect.
Negative, not humorous, but was created to be despised and recalled!
It's annoying me. I would like to listen to it.
Additionally, as is to be expected, miraculous events may occur!
If it's either country music or classic rock, be certain people are familiar with the selections or they'll consider you unusual.
See if that's not 'hard' enough.
I don't know about downloading videos on itunes.com or limeware.com
I agree with American Idol!
We are just not well understood.
I find it irresistible!
Yes, that is one of my favorite shows.
I love Green Day's songs, especially Boulevard of Broken Dreams.
I have to say I did not know that the Gameboy Micro had a rechargeable battery.
My choice would be Will Farrell.
Goodness, I am going to take a closer look at my Disney pictures.
He is in "She's the Man".
You can try because it is free. It will at least get you started.
Why do you not throw a new life themed party?
Oh, then no, I am not gay, either.
But, I cannot find anything on that.
He said, "If you're gonna play the game, boy, you gotta learn to play it right."
I am actually watching it right now.
Chuck Norris was in a horror film back in the 1970s or 1980s.
Vanilla Ice, like you - and, all right, I admit I have New Kids on the Block.
The Red Hot Chili Peppers.
I agree with everyone else.
The most attractive men in the world are Brad Pitt, Pippin, and Johnny Depp.
I believe that Rap is better.
I am a handsome, dashing, cool man who does not want you.
I would say a flute because I can play that.
It is fine, not good or bad but fine.
I want him and I will name him "Money".
I say a bad boy also because they are so playful and have what it takes.
So you will need to buy two packs of buns instead of one.
In fact, I still enjoy both bands.
She additionally completed a layout in King Magazine just recently!
Tyra Banks, I idolize her. In my opinion, she's attractive, however there is a rumor circulating of her pregnancy.
I would travel to that location and physically assault you at this very moment, however, I am unable to swim.
Hm, wow, that one is difficult!
It plays this way: wayoh, wayoh, wayoh, wah.
If so, what is your opinion of it?
I deeply enjoy "Boulevard of Broken Dreams".
I do not find it strange at all.
She confronted armed guards at a Turkish palace.
He fired his sister because he has loose lips.
Abbie Mitchell played Clara in the first Broadway production, and there have been five revivals; you can see the rest here.
You are going to Saint Ives.
He is a control freak.
Journey is completely awesome.
I feel great whenever I think of her.
I cannot answer it.
Today, it seems people would rather listen to songs with weird names.
James, I do not like rap music.
I need some good rhymes about anything.
I would have to say Riker and Troi.
They are not but thank you for your two points.
It is not Hermionie or Tonks but it is Snape.
I watched it until season four and then I lost interest in it.
Check this website out.
"4Ever" by The Veronicas. "Here we are - so what you gonna do?"
I used to be a fan as well.
She sounds like my kind of girl.
Are Bruce Willis and Mickey Rourke the same person?
There is one called "Doc Watson."
Please let me know when you find out.
I do not understand why people like films of that sort.
It should be free to download and have easy to understand features.
It also is considered a form of Japanese comic book.
I was informed that there is going to be a sequel.
I have always enjoyed his work, he is an excellent actor.
In the end, he did follow through.
Try being nice and talking to her, but do not be concerend about your signs as they are not always correct.
I am adding a few new favorites to my collection, so, why not try Stained's new songs, "Right Here Waiting?"
I favor the man as he is humorous and grounded.
Your mother is rather unintelligent, that under "Education" on her job application, she writes "Hooked on Phonics."
I am confused, are you perusing for a few or simply one?
I would like to be her and have a great deal of money.
My sister is obsessed with him.
I am workign pretty fast, maybe in 5-7 minuites.
He is rich and can look like that is he wants to.
Do not try to impress her. If she likes you, she will come to you.
You can not make fun of people in rock music. But in rap, you need rhythm and rhyme.
A category should exist for most superior queries.
No, I have not seen it yet. I am waiting for it to be released on DVD.
I found it phenomenal, even though it made me cry for quite a bit.
I like the song "Don't You Cry Tonight" by Guns 'n' Roses.
I think it is difficult to choose only one.
I just get high listening to them!
Your mother is so stupid that she thought Boyz 2 Men was a daycare center.
Bambi is my favorite movie of all time!
Then, of course Simon always disagrees, he is pretty good about his judgments, he is harsh though.
Yes but they are unknown artists.
I am unsure, as I am currently under the weather.
They ended their association at some unspecified time in the past.
I enjoy watching my companion attempt to role-play with them.
It was positive how you retrieved him.
I was unwilling to admit the possibility that he might jump once again.
He is weird and I am amazed that he was able to get 33 answers in 50 minutes.
If I were looking, that is exactly what I would be looking for.
Now, I watch the reruns.
Paula is loving on everyone this week, is she on something?
She was willing to make a complete fool of herself for two entire seasons of "Newlyweds."
The song is somewhat new, but sounds very "old-school."
Panic! At the Disco, "I Write Sins Not Tragedies."
"Video Killed the Radio Star" by the Buggles.
What differentiates a mosquitoo from a blonde?
To the contary, I do not agree.
I am of the opinion they are over-paid and definitely over-rated.
This is clearly an excellent motion picture.
However, I believe four peopld would be preferrable.
Don't worry, You will be back in tune with it in a few weeks.
I was like that before I had my operation.
A blonde is driving down the highway.
Eminem's a fake. I pick Get Rich or Die Tryin'.
You should put parental controls on or use web site ratings.
Plus, you can tell she cared about her crew.
I love the song so much.
Searching the internet or looking for bugs!
My favorite bands are The Used and Panic.
Chicken, because God can not lay eggs.
To those of you who want to know if the questioner is gay, what does it matter?
It depends on who made the mistake.
If I had to choose, I would pick Mario or Vin Diesel.
Q: What did the left nut say to the right nut?
It is not "a little racist" - it is very racist.
The chorus sounds something like that.
It is probably more than that.
Have you ever wondered why men think a lot and women talk a lot?
Your mother is so brainless, that after you were born she kept you.
The chicken, because it has two hatched eggs.
"Happy Days" was the greatest show.
Her name is not Beyonce or Madonna. She needs to stop pretending.
I ask people who give answers for this question. Where are your jocks?
Tell him you hate him and are finding someone else.
"A lady in the street but a freak in the bed."
I have still not forgiven her for that.
It is a great source; you should download it.
The word you are seeking is "strengths."
When I first became interested in music, I loved rap.
I never told my parents before; recently I mentioned it, and they did not comment, nor did they care.
You are going to anyway; why even ask?
I used to play the flute, but once I began playing saxophone, I was obsessed.
If you like "Family Guy," you should love "American Dad."
They write their own songs and actually play their own music.
We will have an enjoyable time.
Yes, a PlayStation Portable, but I would not purchase one for a child under the age of thirteen.
If you want to live, talk, and dream about it, then I suggest moving to Japan or China.
I very much enjoy it. I will keep this unpleasant secret to myself.
I believe that it is the blonde from American Idol.
No offence, but if you are able to answer that, then it is the same for the egg.
The song was called "Epic"; I can not remember the artist, but it is a great song!
Mar, I thought I would let you know that that commercial is for Dairy Queen.
